No estas en mi grupo, verdad?
I don't have anything to say to outsiders.
If you want something register with my group.
To register with the Eden Group ask Laime Evenor next to me.
Que hay?
Si tienes misiones normales usa el tablero de anuncios.
SEL:Cual es tu responsabilidad?:Don't you have equipment?:Ignore.
Doy misiones de entrenamiento a los miembros.
Por eso participan en ello.
Si no quieren meterse en problemas, es esencial.
A traves del entrenamiento de batalla pueden mejorar su experiencia real.
Los miembros que demuestren su valor incluso obtendran una recompensa.
Les dimos equipo especial que hemos fabricado.
Estos regalos son para personas que realmente dan lo mejor de si.
Si tienes curiosidad, puedes unirte.
El curso de entrenamiento de batalla no es muy dificil.
No hay nada de que preocuparse.
Si quieres unirte, no dudes.
SEL:Participar en el entrenamiento.:Ignore.
Es tu decision.
It's not my business but you should probably reconsider.
Huh?
You are so honest!
Gosh. You wanted to know something about equipment?
I have a uniform set which is free for our group members.
But, I can't give it for free.
We give it to great participants who do their best in the training.
-Boya eyes you from top to bottom.
Hmm... he seems to think something is wrong.-
Due to emotion.
SEL:What?!
So, will you join the training or not?
I look a little bit funny, actually I am really busy I was called shining Rune Knight.
Make a decision, hurry.
SEL:Participar en el entrenamiento.:Refuse!!
You are so rude!
-Beats quickly and this shining Rune Knight turns invisible.
It hurts too much-
No me molestes.
Hey, I already talked all about the training areas.
I will explain again please concentrate.
An oasis souteast of Morocc.
There is a big dog in the center.
The detailed story is written in the log, see?
Oh you've come back.
Buen trabajo.
Now you are adapting.
Completed step 1.
Congratulations.
We will give you a uniform and some equipment.
Can you see a large blue gate next to the board?
Go inside then keep walking until the end of the right passage. There is an equipment storage there.
Inform the manager that I sent you. He will give you some stuff.
Ve ve ve!
The training name was 'Conquer the Culvert!.
Did you explore the culvert fully?
Come back when you've completed all the courses from the local trainer.
Oh you're back.
Buen trabajo.
Now you are adapting.
Completed step 1.
Congratulations.
My team will give you a uniform and some equipment.
Can you see a large blue gate next to the board?
Go inside then keep walking until the end of the right passage. There is an equipment storage there.
Inform the manager that I sent you. He will give you some stuff.
Ve ve ve!
What are you doing?
Get the equipment from the storage manager.
Our uniform is pretty awesome haha.
Um, did you like the supplies?
I like the red hat.
The red ribbon is really cute.
And you seem to.
Able to take upper class, now.
What about it, do you want?
SEL:No, way.:Absolutely, I will.
En serio?
Actually I don't care but the uniform will be changed as upper class.
Cool.
Let me choose a proper place for you.
The battle training is organized into steps.
When you able to join next step come back again after leveling more.
The next training step is available for those over Level 26.
When you reach that level, come by again. get it?
The training area is at the north cave of Payon.
A staff member is already dispatched there.
Find him and follow his directions.
You finished the second step of training.
Now do you understand how this world is organized?
I will certify that you completed the training.
The person in charge of equipment storage will supply you with what you need.
Choose an equipment that fits your particular set of skills.
The training area is southwest of Morocc.
Enter the Saint Darmain Fortress to reach it directly.
There's someone there named... Uh... he is waiting for you to follow his direction.
You finished the second step of training.
Now do you understand how this world is organized?
I will certify that you completed the training.
The person in charge of equipment storage will supply you with what you need.
We serve trainees with equipment and armor after passing the second step of training.
Go to the storage and meet the person in charge there.
To find the storage pass the blue gate next to the mission board then at the end of the hallway to the right side.
Hey long time no see.
So what's up?
SEL:I want to join training.:Nothing.
Hmm... really?
Let me see... which step is good for you...
Sooo sorry but to join this training You need to be at least level 40.
Concentrate to become higher level then come back.
Did you come to see me?
Just that? Without anything?
At could have least brought some chocolate...
Banana roll or stripe straw... anything.
Oh, I don't eat snacks with cinnamon...
Umm. Orc village has a Kafra Employee there so you can use the Kafra services.
One of our dispatched members is waiting in the building near the Kafra Employee.
Cool! You passed the third step of training.
I will certify that you completed the training.
The person in charge of equipment storage will supply you with some equipment.
We serve trainees with equipment and armor after passing the second step of training.
Go to the storage and meet the person in charge there.
To find the storage pass the blue gate next to the mission board then at the end of the hallway to the right side.
Umm. Orc village has a Kafra Employee there so you can use the Kafra services there.
One of our dispatched members is waiting in the building near the Kafra Employee.
Cool! You passed the third step of training.
I will certify that you completed the training.
The person in charge of equipment storage will supply you with some equipment.
We serve trainees with equipment and armor after passing the second step of training.
Go to the storage and meet the person in charge there.
To find the storage pass the blue gate next to the mission board then at the end of the hallway to the right side.
First take a ship toward to Bayalan from Izlude!
There is an underground cave. Go in and get to the bottom floor where you will find a historic underwater city..
There is a dispatched trainee around the entrance of the Ocean City.
Cool! You passed the third step of training.
I will certify that you completed the training.
The person in charge of equipment storage will supply you with some equipment.
We serve trainees with equipment and armor after passing the second step of training.
Go to the storage and meet the person in charge there.
To find the storage pass the blue gate next to the mission board then at the end of the hallway to the right side.
If you finish all of the steps go and get your supplies.
We offer equipment to those who complete the training.
We might serve you other things.
If you have any questions, ask the person in charge of the arsenal.
The arsenal is past the blue gate and at the end of the right side of the passage.
My boss created all the courses for the training.
After he manufactured the uniform and supplies he changed his mind and said that he can't give them for free.
People who show their effort for my team and the world can get some supplies.
That's why these courses were made.
Basically we are supposed to offer these supplies for beginners
but if experts want to participate this training, we accept them.
Although the uniform and equipment might be useless.
participating in this training means they want to become a member of our group.
Yes that's all.
That's why when we decided a hat design it was really difficult.
Remember this when you use the equipment.
But if you decide to sell or trade them off, it is none of our concern.
Que quieres?
I doubt that you need more training.
There is nothing more I can teach a battle master such as yourself.
Really? You already seem ready.
We have a total of 3 steps for the training.
Let me see...
Umm. You should raise your level more!
You need to be at least level 12!
I'm sorry but those are the rules.
The first step is course A.
Course A is called 'Conquer the Desert!'.
It's the most proper mission for your level.
^4d4dffThere is a desert town called Morocc.
From there go south and then east. There is small oasis in the center of that field.^000000
If you go there, you will find a dog around the oasis.
He is really mysterious and he can speak so don't be suprised.
Tell the dog ^4d4dffBoya is really great.^000000
If you have any questions ask that dog.
Why are you staring at me?
I had to come up with a password right?
What's wrong with that password?
Anyway, that place is not far from here so, it is a reasonable place for a beginner like you.
Ok, que Freya te bendiga~!
I'll send you to the first step of course B.
Course B is called 'Conquer the Culvert!'.
It's the most proper mission for your level.
You need to register to explore the culvert in Prontera at the Knight Guild.
After registering there go to the western gate of Prontera. The manager of the culvert is near the entrance.
Once you enter the culvert you can find a dispatched cat. Don't be surprised if he talks to you.
Tell the cat ^4d4dffBoya's help is like a giant and beautiful tuna^000000.
He is really mysterious and he can speak so don't be suprised.
He will give you a battle target when you tell him that.
If you have any questions ask the cat.
Why are you staring at me like that?
It's just a password that I made up.
Anyway...
That place is nor far from here so, it is a reasonable place for a beginner like you.
Ok, que Freya te bendiga~!
Cool.
Let me choose a proper place for you.
I'll send you to the second step of course A.
This course is called 'Conquer the Ghost Cave!'.
It's the most proper mission for your level.
There is a small archer village north of Payon.
There is a cave on the western hill of the archer village.
We have dispatched someone in front of the cave.
His name is... um...
Anyway he is one of us so he will know me.
He will give you a mission.
If you have questions ask him.
Why are you staring at me?
We haven't met for a long time that's why I can't remember his name!
Anyway...
That place is not far from here so, come back quickly.
Ok, que Freya te bendiga~!
I'll send you to the 2nd step of course B.
This course is called 'Conquer Anthell!'.
It's the most proper mission for your level.
Travel just southwest of Morocc City.
There you will find a hole in the ground to a cave called Anthell.
There are lots of ants in there. kk?
It is also covered in sand so be careful in there ok.
That's why it's called ant hell.
One of our members will be waiting there.
His name is... K? M? Hmm? Anyway I can't remember.
He is one of us so he will know me.
He will give you a mission.
If you have any questions ask him.
Why are you staring at me?
We haven't met for a long time that's why I can't remember his name!
Anyway...
That place is not far from here so, come back quickly.
Ok, blessing you~!!
You are on the third step of course A.
This course is called 'Conquer Orc village!'.
Let me see...
Go through the gate of Prontera and keep walking to the west. Orc Village is in that direction.
Or you can go out through the western gate of Geffen and keep heading southeast..
Umm. Orc village has a Kafra Employee dispatched there so you could use the Kafra services..
It's up to you.
One of our dispatched members is waiting in the building near the Kafra Employee.
She will explain what needs to be done there.
If you have any questions ask her.
Ok, que Freya te bendiga!
You are on the third step of course B.
This course is called 'Conquer Orc dungeon!'.
It's the most proper mission for your level.
Go through the gate of Prontera and keep walking to the west. Orc Village is in that direction.
Or you can go out through the western gate of Geffen and keep heading southeast..
Umm. Orc village has a Kafra Employee dispatched there so you could use the Kafra services..
It's up to you.
One of our dispatched members is waiting in the building near the Kafra Employee.
She will explain what needs to be done there.
If you have any questions ask her.
Ok, que Freya te bendiga!
You are on the last step.
This course is called 'Conquer the Ocean City!'.
I don't know if it is the proper course or not, but anyway it's the last course of our training.
First take a ship to Byalan Island from Izlude!
There is an underground cave. Go in and get to the bottom floor where you will find a historic underwater city..
Although it's underwater, you can breath so don't worry.
There is a dispatched trainee around the entrance of the Ocean City.
Tell him that I sent you and follow his directions.
Ok, que Freya te bendiga!
kkkkuuuuahhh.
rrrrrruuuuhh.
bowwow..
Que hay?
You are!
A member of the Eden Group.
Have you come to give me a meal? I don't like drinks.
SEL:Boya is really perfect.:Boya is really great.:Boya is really soft.
Uhh...
What are you saying.
Ahh... um...
Gosh, did you come here to participate in the training?
If Boya sent you then you know that it's battle training.
Bow wow...
If so, should I start securing this oasis more clearly?
Can you see a Condor flying?
Can you scare them away for me?
So people can use this oasis safer and more comfortably.
We should hunt at least 10 Condors, ok?
I will sleep for a while.
Krrrr woo bow...
Are you ok?
Haven't you seen a talking dog before?
What are you talking about?
Woooohh...
Great!
I can feel my youth from you.
Nevermind.
Let's find the next target kk!
Ok. Let's drive the Desert Wolves out of here.
If they grow up they will become dangerous.
Why, why are you looking at me like that?
They are wolves and I am a nice dog.
But I haven't always been a dog my entire life.
I will show you that don't have to pity me at all.
They pee wherever and have no shame.
Just waving their tails when they grow up and biting people without any care!
You must hunt at least 10!
Exactly 10!
Ve ve ve!
First lets follow the bald and noisy bird.
Yes Condors.
Kill 10 Condors. It seems to easy, right?
Oh, if you are tired I will help you.
-When the dog barked, your HP and SP recovered.-
You are so perfect.
Or not. Hehe, anyway thanks for your help.
The oasis has almost been secured now.
Ok, it's the last step!
There's an annoying monster that hides in the sand and poisons people out of nowhere.
All beautiful things have some poison inside but these actually kill.
Kill Scorpions which are called the poison of the desert!
It's the last step so let's make it simple
Just hunt 5!
Bow wow!
I don't want you to show any pity.
I am dog with a golden heart.
After hunting the 10 Desert Wolves come back again.
Oh, if you are tired I will help you.
-When the dog barked, your HP and SP recovered.-
Um. Excellent.
You are awesome!
Thanks to your effort the oasis is secure.
Don't look around!
If I say it's secure!
Uhuhuhuh aaaang!
Here here here.
If I dig more and more, I can find Scorpions but
this oasis will be safer for sure.
Puedes estar orgulloso y confiado en ti mismo y dar lo mejor de ti.
You've helped a lot to make my rest comfortable.
You've helped to conquer the desert,
and passed the beginner training steps so I will stamp my feet.
krrrrreuung. hup.
Go back to the Eden Group headquarters and show it to the flashy Rune Knight.
Let me say again that you are great!
Hooooohooo~
Let's hunt only 5 Scorpions.
So we can make peace in this oasis.
When I take a nap they won't chew my tail any more.
Due to his mistake my feet won't be hurt at all.
You can fight.
I can rest more comfortably.
Other people are going to be safer too.
Everyone will think fondly of the Eden Group.
Oh, if you are tired I will help you.
-When the dog barked, your HP and SP recovered.-
kkkkkaaaaauuuunnng.
oopssss kup.
Why are you still here?
You are done here.
Hooooo bow wow.
Hey man~ What's going on?
What about the Rune Knight?
Krrrrr...
Hyuk huk...
The Eden Group is cool.
They're a really good group.
They accepted a wandering talking dog.
Take care and good luck.
Hey look.
I'm a talking dog.
Not a wolf.
I wasn't a dog originally...
Anyway are you a Eden Group member?
Oh good to see you.
I am also a member of Eden Group.
Take care and good luck.
Why are you looking at me like that?
Meow...
Who are you meow?
Why are you here meow?
Come on meow...
I may be standing here and talking to you like this meow but I am a still a cat meow...
Dear human you are
a member of my group?
Re... really...!
Dear Boya's help is like a giant and...
SEL:Beautiful Saury:Fresh Mackerel:Beautiful Tuna
Big and beautiful Saury...
I am shy.
I want to eat mackerel.
Where are the big and fresh mackerel meow?
Do you know the big and beautiful tuna?
Dear Boya sent you here for sure.
How do I explain this...?
Did something pass under my feet just now meow?
Do you want to kill a cat.
The environment here is terrible.
Anyway I'm doing what I was assigned to do.
So hi, hello and welcome.
Did you come here to have a battle?
Hunt those Thief Bugs, hurry up!
Hunt at least 10!
Meooow!
I really don't like those nasty crawlers...
Meow~!
^4d4dffThe cat was suprised by
a thief bug and froze in
place. Hunt those
Thief Bugs around here.^000000
Now do you understand the dirty and humid underground sewers?
Eeeh look what's next meow.
It's a symbol of dirt next to those Thief Bugs.
Hunt some Tarou to make the sewers cleaner.
For our members joining this mission.
Hunt 10 Tarou.
Easy, ain't it?
Why didn't I ask you at once? kkk..??
Umm........
Because it's just a training mission.
Training missions are hard and anoying.
So go hurry and hunt 10 Tarou.
Clean the sewers. Now the first step is hunting Thief Bugs.
Isn't that simple, meow?
Take care to check your map so you don't get lost.
It's a service meeow.
Great job~!
How'd you get rid of those dirty bugs and Tarou. You are brave.
Now have courage because I'm sending you to a stronger opponent.
But first in order to test your courage, hunt Familiars.
Familiars will bite you so be careful.
They are mean.
They scare me so just hunt 5 and that should be enough.
That will show me that you are brave.
Meow~!
I don't have anything...
What do you want meow? Familiars are waiting to fight with you, hurry up, move~!
If you can't kill the Tarou you might get all kinds of dirty diseases.
So be proud of yourself and do your best to kill them.
I will help you a little.
Here, I have recovered your strengh meow..
You are great meow~
You killed them so quickly!
Meow...
Now you are not scared of bugs and tarou at all.
Thanks for participating in the Conquer the Culvert training mission.
Now go back to the headquarters and ask Instructor Boya to make sure he has the beautiful tuna...
I will be waiting here.
Do you know how to get to the Eden Group Headquarters?
Prontera is the closest city from here.
Go to Prontera and find an Eden Group Teleporter.
Familiars are really scary.
They're always flying.
It's the last course so cheer up.
I will help you a little.
Here, I have recovered your strengh meow..
You've completed 'Conquer the Culvert'.
Go back to the Eden Group headquarters to report to Boya.
Boya might eat my tuna while he is waiting for you.
How are you meeow?
Did you volunteer to conquer the Culvert?
You are a member of the Edgen Group for sure.
You are helping to make the world a better place.
Hey, how are you?
Good to see you~
Are you going inside?
Umm...?
You are not the one I am waiting for.
Hola?
Since I got a report, I was waiting for you.
You came here to join the training mission, right?
Have you ever entered this cave before?
I don't know if you already heard some stories in this village.
There are many of dead souls that change their appearance as if they are real people and make threatening remarks.
It's too bad, isn't it?
That's why we chose this place as step 2 of the battle training mission.
This step is called 'Conquer Ghost Cave~'.
Help people to enjoy their nights comfortably.
There are many dangerous things there. Hmm...
To you the 1st floor is enough.
Lets conquer the dangerous ghost cave...
Kill the bone Skeletons in there.
The bones are from Skeletons.
Actually Skeletons or just normal bones are all the same but...
Skeletons are one of the basic undead classes.
Undead never ever. Hunt 15 undead Skeletons.
Si sientes que estas en peligro no dudes en irte.
No te preocupa salir herido, verdad?
Did you get how the undead work?
As you know undead never die so, blessing of live person it's same as curse to them.
So... skills which can save people like Heal and Resurrection.
Those things are really strong attacks to undead class.
Anyway... that's it..
Next... I guess you already see while you were killing Skeletons.
Some green things are picking up all of the stuff dropped by the dead monsters.
Do you know Porings? Maybe they are related to them.
They look really bad, maybe they have been eating poison or something.
Ok if you're ready go and kill those Poporings.
You should hunt 10 of them.
Skeletons are basic undead.
Use the Heal or Resurrection skill.
If you can.
Just in case I will recover all your energy.
It's the last step so be careful.
Did you get back what the Poporing stole?
This cave is really deep and there are lots of precious things that they could have picked up.
You did really great job. Excellent.
The 1st floor is safer now. Thanks for helping.
You've completed all of the training missions so go back to the headquarters and get approval from the flashy Rune Knight.
You might get a new uniform.
Haha. I will keep tabs on your progression.
Poporings are stronger than you expect.
If you treat them the same as a normal Poring it will get you in trouble.
Just in case I will recover all your energy.
It's the last step so be careful.
I already informed Boya at the Eden Group headquarters.
If you go there he will give you a big welcome.
You will get a new uniform, aren't you excited?
Hahaha..
Killing undead?
Do your best to make the world safer.
It's one of the goals of the Eden Group.
Oops.
You are a member of my group.
Why did you come here, are you looking for danger?
One of the strongest boss monsters is in here.
Be careful when exploring here.
What are you looking at?
We are not related to each other, are we...
Hola?
Why did you come here, looking for danger?
SEL:Conquer Ant Hell:Just wanted to meet you:Where am I?
Uh. Conquer Ant Hell? Did you say that?
You are a trainee.
You have come to the right place.
At first I will explain about Ant Hell.
Ants dug a cave in the sand and it is linked to the surface. That's Ant Hell.
Sand flowed into the hole gradually.
If anyone steps on the hole they will fall into the cave through the hole in the sand..
It's hard to survive from there.
To us it seems like a normal happening so it isn't a matter of survival like to normal people.
Many kinds of ants have come to live here.
There is a boss monster named Maya so you should be more cautious.
Ok let's try to hunt the weakest ant first.
Pierre is the name of the weakest ant.
They are just down here.
In the case of ants, they assist eachother when attacked.
Be careful and kill 15 Pierre ants.
Haha... are you joking?
You are exhausted from the extremely hot weather in the desert.
I am a busy man.
One of the trainees was planning to visit me but that person still hasn't showed yet. I am getting nervous.
Where you are?
You are in Anth Hell southwest of Morocc.
Morocc is the closest city, northeast of here.
Hey, what was it?
Maybe you saw an Andre when you were hunting Pierre.
Well, now let's hunt Andre aswel.
Ahah the way you're looking at me, ''why didn't I ask you to do this all at once'' right?
Ain't it more fun this way?
Hey, now your next target is 15 Andre!
You are strong so it will be fine!
If you can't find Andre go deeper into the cave.
Ah, and be careful of Maya.
What do you think of Ant Hell?
Can you stay longer?
Ok, I will recover your strengh so, keep going.
Great. You seem to have killed all of the Andre.
How do you think about fighting ants?
Was it good?
Hey, cheer up.
To conquer Ant Hell you have one step left.
You might have guessed your next target already.
Vitata!
How can I say... He seems like honey.
Pierre is a worker. Andre is a guardian and so... Vitata is like a mother.
They are really kind to kids and women but don't show any pity to ants.
Hunt the Vitata who takes care of the ant eggs.
If somebody falls into Ant Hell it might be a bit safer than before.
Now it's the last step so cheer up and let's kill 10 Vitata.
If you feel you're in too much danger. Just come back.
I will heal you.
See, to cheer you up I will heal you until you finish the training.
Chin up and cheer up.
Oh... it might have been an anoying fight.
You finished so fast.
Good job. Go back to the headquarters and report.
You've completed the training quickly.
You will get good news.
You did a really good job even under the hot weather.
See, to cheer up I will heal you until you finish the training.
Chin up and cheer up.
Just Vitata, isn't that an easy opponent?
If you see Maya just run away.
It's enough to say that you've conquered Ant Hell.
Aren't you getting used to it here?
Go back to the headquarters and report that you completed the mission, hurry up
you will receive good news.
You will receive the Eden Group uniform aswel.
I am really proud of the Eden Group.
Does the uniform look good on me?
Haha...
Unbelievable why did you come here?
Um... You are not on the third step of the training?
Yeeee~ I'm excited~
I am a little bored waiting for trainees. Where are they?
Hola.
Why did you come here?
Umm... Aaaaa...
Why don't you join my group?
If you have interest in joining us,
you won't regret your decision.
Hola.
Are you a trainee?
Yeah I can tell.
So shall we begin?
Actually I don't like this training mission much but anyway let me explain it to you.
As you know this is Orc Village.
Orcs don't like humans.
They don't try to communicate with us. When they see humans they immediately attack us.
Sadly humans don't want to communicate with them either.
So we decided to take a strong approach towards them.
Actually we'd like to get rid of them all.
We're trying to conquer Orc Village.
It's the proper place to finish the beginners training mission for an adventurer like you.
That's why we've chosen this place for this mission.
Ok, we don't have a lot of time so let's begin.
First let's eliminate the weakest one.
It's better to kill them before they grow up.
Hunt 10 Orc Babies.
Don't pity them because when they grow up they become aggressive Orc Warriors.
Good or bad this is how it is going to be.
Even if they are babies don't hesitate.
Great. Awesome.
It's not very pleasant so let's move on.
On the next step we will fight with Orc Warriors.
When Orc Babies grow up they become strong Orc Warriors.
They all are powerful warriors.
When you were fighting Orc Babies, you probably have been attacked by them.
Now it's time to hunt 10 Orc Warriors.
If you are in trouble just come back here to safety.
Do you understand?
There are Orc Warriors, Orc Ladies and Orc Babies in Orc Village.
They are really aggressive.
You look tired I will recover your health.
If you are in trouble just come back here to safety.
Now you can move on to the next step.
Exactly... now it's time to hunt Orc Ladies.
If you want to conquer Orc Village completely, you should kill them before they have more Orc Babies.
But you don't need to kill all of them.
Go and hunt 10 Orc Ladies.
You can already feel the strong power from outside...
Don't hesitate to attack them.
You should be exhausted by now.
But you still have more targets, understand.
You look tired, I will recover your health.
If you are in trouble just come back here to safety.
Great job.
Now you should understand how the orc tribe works here in Orc Village.
You've followed the training mission well under hot and humid circumstances.
You have now completed the 'Conquer Orc Village!' training mission. Congratulations.
Go back and report to the Eden Group headquarters.
I'm sure they will have good news for you.
Orc Lady is the last target.
Cheer up~!
You look tired, I will recover your health.
If you are in trouble just come back here to safety.
You have completed the training mission.
Go back to the Eden Group headquarters and report there.
Have you come here to join in the training?
You look like an expert.
This isn't a good place to talk so let's hurry.
This place is linked with the dungeon of Orc Village.
Can you see that way.
There is a cave under the ground, normal orcs don't come here.
The safest place is in here.
There are many undead monsters down there.
The undead monsters are dangerous and threatening.
Don't hesitate when fighting them.
Now hunt those undead monsters down there.
Try to hunt 20 Orc zombies in the dungeon.
They are really well organized.
They will attack you anywhere without hesitating.
May Freya bless you.
It's different from what you saw in Payon, right?
Although you managed to kill the Orc Zombies, you can't be sure you are much stronger..
So don't go deeper into that cave or you will die for sure.
The next target is the Orc Skeleton who was walking next to the Orc Zombies.
Hunt 20 Orc Skeletons.
It's the last step of the training mission in the Orc Dungeon.
It's all up to you.
Ok, cheer up and see you again.
Hunt 20 Orc Skeletons.
Can you stay longer?
You look tired, I will recover your health.
If you are in trouble just come back here to safety.
Your training mission has been completed.
Go back to the Eden Group headquarters and report.
I would like to say more in detail but I'm getting so tired.
Recently trainees have come here more and more so, I can't sleep at all.
I mean not due to you.
Anyway I will inform the group so go there and report.
Can you stay longer?
You look tired I will recover your health.
If you are in trouble just come back here to safety.
Don't you have to report back to the Eden Group headquarters?
I am so tired leave me alone.
Uh? What Orc? Explore the dungeon?
You are having such a hard time.
This place is really good to take a rest because Orcs don't come here.
Ho hum...
How did you get so deep in this ocean city?
Ah, that symbol is of our group.
You're a trainee for sure.
What? You aren't?
I... see... I see...
Ok... keep going.
Mysteriously although we're under the sea you can still breathe here.
Do you know why?
Let's see due to the moisture my skin is so soft.
My fingers and toes are not attached to each other amazing.
I was really shocked and scared when the Eden Group dispatched me here.
Now I love this environment so much.
It's really calm...
How did you get so deep in this ocean city?
Ah, that symbol is of our group.
You're a trainee for sure.
Good to see you!
Alright, look down.
Ancient buildings are sleeping under the water. They were actually built under the sea.
As you know we don't have any trouble living here.
But if you see over there... yes right there.
Can you see a humanoid fish with a very threatening spear?
He is called a Merman and is a really professional warrior.
Okay, go and hunt 15 Merman.
That will be your 1st training mission here.
Oh, you came back~!
What did you think of those threatening Mermans?
Actually, I thought that you would chicken out~
Good your next opponent will be...~
Yes, this one...
The monster that is holding a trident.
His main abilities are magical.
The monster is called Strouf!
Now, it's time to fight with a real magician!
Try avoiding the Mermans and hunt 10 Strouf, kill them.
Oh are you tired?
Mermans are not easy opponents.
I will help you recover so cheer up.
Did you kill all the Strouf already?
I wasn't counting that you'd make it.
I have eyes on the top of my head haha.
Of course I'm just kidding.
Don't look at me like that~ it was a joke~!
Now you're feeling more at ease about this.
Go back to the headquarters and report it.~
You will receive the last uniform from the Eden Group headquarters.
This training mission is made for beginners.
So it might be useless to you or not.
Anyway you did great job!
Oh are you tired?
Strouf are not easy opponents.
I can help you recover so cheer up.
I won't give help to you anymore.
Go back to our headquarters and report about this training mission.
Mysteriously although we're under the sea you can still breathe here.
Do you know why?
Let's see due to the moisture my skin is so soft.
My fingers and toes are not attached to each other amazing.
I was really shocked and scared when the Eden Group dispatched me here.
Now I love this environment so much.
It's really calm...
Why did you come here?
SEL:To get supplies:Where is here?:Upgrade equipment
If you've completed step 1
we can supply you with a Eden Group Hat, Uniform, Manteau and Boots.
^4d4dffCheck your inventory first.^000000
SEL:Let me check my inventory:I have enough room.
Make sure you have enough room for the supplies.
Two of the supplies, the ^4d4dffHat and Manteau^000000,
will only be given out once.
So treat them with caution and care.
As for the Boots and the Uniforms, you will receive better quality ones based on your course grades.
One Eden Group Hat.
One Eden Group Uniform I.
One pair of Eden Group Boots I.
One Eden Group Manteau.
A total of 4 supplies, that's all.
Is that correct?
It is manufactured for beginners so they don't have the best effect but they're still cheaper than equipment in the shops.
We made them especially for the Eden Group.
If you've completed step 2, we offer extra weapons including the basic equipment.
We have chosen the proper weapon for each class.
But we can't support some classes that can't join us.
We can't manufacture all of the weapons in the world, don't you agree?
We will supply 1 Weapon, Shoes and Uniform so a total of three things.
Also we supply extra things to consider some members who can't use some of the supplies.
^4d4dffPlease check your inventory to get those items.^000000
SEL:I will make more space.:I have got enough space.
Make enough space.
Let me see... you will receive..
the Eden Group Boots II and Uniform II.
I don't know what weapon will suit you so, you'll get a Dagger.
You don't have a record of receiving any supplies
so, you'll receive the Eden Group Hat and Manteau aswell.
Check your supplies again and look after it.
A Weapon, Uniform and Boots all 3 supplies.
I don't know what weapon will suit you so, you'll get a Dagger.
Please check it again.
I hope they're useful to you.
You've completed the last training course.
It's time for you to receive a new weapon.
We have more upgraded weapons, uniforms and boots.
Ah, in case of the weapon that was made only for 1st jobs.
So, I can't offer them to higher jobs.
^4d4dffPlease check you inventory to get those supplies.^000000
SEL:I'll come back.:I have enough room.
Make sure you have enough room.
Let me see... you will receive..
the Eden Group Boots III and Uniform III.
You don't have a record of receiving any supplies
so, you'll receive the Eden Group Hat and Manteau aswell.
Check your supplies again and look after it.
A Uniform and Boots all 2 supplies.
Please check it again.
I hope they're useful to you.
Wait...I will check the record...
...hummmm.
Sorry, but I can't find any record that you can obtain supplies.
Are you sure?
We store weapons, armor and other goods which were created by the Eden Group here.
We also have a lot of special stuff.
To prepare for emergencies, we hav enough equipment and supplies for an entire army.
Frankly... we don't have a use for it now but in case soemthing happens like in Morocc.
Just take a look around and don't touch anything.
If I make a mistake, Reke will punish me.
You mean upgrading equipment, right?
We can only upgrade the Eden Group Hat.
What status bonus do you want to upgrade?
SEL:Upgrade STR:Upgrade AGI:Upgrade VIT:Upgrade INT:Upgrade DEX:Upgrade LUK:Nevermind.
Why? It'll be beter than it is.
Anyway, we can only offer you one Hat.
What you do with it is up to you.
First come with a Hat that you want me to upgrade.
Make sure that it's in your inventory, got it?
Umm, didn't you upgrade this already?
According to the records
"+strcharinfo(0)+": Has already upgraded their Hat.
We can only offer 1 upgrade.
Sorry but I can't do it twice.
You haven't received all the supplies up to step 3.
Upgrading your Hat is a special service.
Sorry but I can't help you.
I see.
I will ^4d4dffUpgrade "+ getarg(0) +"^000000.
Are you sure?
SEL:Yes I am.:No wait.
I will start to upgrade.
Here you are.
Don't you want to upgrade?
We only have 1 weapon for you.
What kind of weapon do you want?
Here are the options.
It is Lv. 2 and the required level is "+ (para_suv01 == 22 ? "26" : "40") +".
Both of them are Lv. 2 weapons and the required level is "+ (para_suv01 == 22 ? "26" : "40") +".
They also can't be traded with other players or be refined.
You'll receive the "+ getarg(.@i+1) +".
You've chosen the "+ getarg(.@i+1) +".
Additionally you'll receive the Eden Group Boots II and Uniform II.
Additionally you'll receive the Eden Group Boots III and Uniform III.
You don't have a record of receiving any supplies
so, you'll receive the Eden Group Hat and Manteau aswell.
Check your supplies again and look after it.
A "+ getarg(.@i+2) +", Uniform and Boots all 3 supplies.
Please check it again.
I hope they're useful to you.
Que hay?
Do you want a Meal? Or do you have other business?
SEL:Order a meal.:Talk.
Choose one of the three course meals A, B or C.
Do you want a explanation?
SEL:I want a explanation.:Order course meal A:Order course meal B:Order course meal C:End Conversation.
Uh? what do you want to know?
SEL:About course meal A.:About course meal B.:About course meal C.:End Conversation.
Course meal A is for nomal people.
It has three kinds of dishes and the main is....
-Chef is trying to point to a dish in the picture. There is a black roll.-
It's made of sea grass so, it's dry like paper.
It's a roll with steamed rice, vegetables and meat inside.
It seems simple but it is really good and healthy.
The ingredients mix well with the spicy sauce.
It is also mixed with chopped meat like sausages.
It's simple and cheap so it is really popular with everyone.
Just 3,000 Zeny.
You will feel satisfied after eating it.
Um course meal B is.
I make a sauce with aromatic vegetables and meat in a soup.
The meat is boiled so it is fork tender in the soup.
When the soup is almost done I add noodles for the finishing touch.
It's a good dish to share with your friends.
It's 4,000 Zeny.
It's a very fun dish to enjoy.
Now for course meal C...
It's a masterpiece of meat... Legend of the meat class!
Beef, bacon,
strip loin,
rib eye roll
Do you need more information?
Don't worry.
I use the besk oak to smoke it.
Ah, it's 5,000 Zeny. Cheap isn't it? I only use the best meat so don't worry.
I don't have enough time to chat with you...
Course meal A?
Ah, Kim-dduck-soon.
It's the representative meal for normal citizens.
Hey, here you are.
Enjoy your meal.
- After eating the meal, You feel a little bit full.
You've recovered some HP and SP. -
This meal costs 3,000 zeny but I will serve it for 2,700.
Since you are a eden member you get a 10% discount so, it's 2,700 zeny.
Hey, here you are.
Enjoy your meal.
- After eating the meal, You feel a little bit full.
You've recovered some HP and SP. -
This meal costs 3,000 zeny.
How many times do I have to tell you?
Course meal B?
This food with meat and vegetables in hot soup has it's origins from nomadic life under the cold and dry nature.
Hey, here you are.
Enjoy your meal.
- After eating the meal, You feel a little bit full.
You've recovered some HP and SP. -
This meal costs 4,000 zeny but I will serve it for 3,600.
Since you are a eden member you get a 10% discount so, it's 3,600 zeny.
Hey, here you are.
Enjoy your meal.
- After eating the meal, You feel a little bit full.
You've recovered some HP and SP. -
This meal costs 4,000 zeny.
How many times do I have to tell you?
Hey, here you are.
Enjoy your meal.
- The Rib Eye Roll is grilled on the oak.
- After eating the meal, You feel a little bit full.
You've recovered your HP and SP. -
This meal costs 5,000 zeny but I will serve it for 4,500.
Since you are a eden member you get a 10% discount so, it's 4,500 zeny.
Hey, here you are.
Enjoy your meal.
Hey, here you are.
- The Rib Eye Roll is grilled on the oak.
- After eating the meal, You feel a little bit full.
You've recovered your HP and SP. -
This meal costs 5,000 zeny.
How many times do I have to tell you?
It's up to you.
Most jobs should be managed by yourself. So it might be difficult, right?
Actually it's harmful so they have requested continuously.
Can't we all work together by helping each other out?
Anyway, you...
How are you?
Ah... now you don't look like a beginner.
Do you want to know some good information?
The Eden Group... sometimes receives jobs.
But they also manufacture armor and weapons by themselves.
If you want, you can get a uniform from the Eden Group.
To get it you need to complete their missions.
If you have any interest, meet Instructor Boya at the desk.
You look like an expert...
umm emm.. 
umm emm.. ummm..
Yes! I found a thing that you are missing!
You didn't get eden group uniform?
Hmm, it's not neccessary but if you remain with the eden group, it would be a good symbol.
You can't get it easily but..
If you have an interest, ask Instructor Boya at the desk.
Sure, the uniform goes well with you.
Oh, sure.
The leader makes the designs these days.
Ahah..especially the hat.
To.. me.. the hat... um.
It goes well with Laime but with Luke... I don't know..
SEL:What about the hat?:Luke?
Nothing. It's so cute.
I am concerned about the ribbon.
But, it is essential that I wear this hat..
Hahahah I don't care.
I don't care at all!
Hahaha.. aaaahahahaha... 
He is a knife expert.
One of our guard leaders.
Who is also in charge of the security in this office.
Almost everyone just hired wonders about him.
But Laime and Luke are totally different.
The leaders have worked together for a long time.
But the leader wants to hide his past...
What I guess is... he might be a son of a rich family.
Rumor is that Luke was the family guard.
Laime was a servant? Wasn't she?
What do you think about my story?
Ahah..hey~ even if I talked useless things don't look at me like that
but it's really true that three people established this Eden Group.
Uh? Missions. Did you find the right place?
Also let me se... you are not one of our members. How can I give you work?
Just eat in the restaurant.
We serve meals to everyone.
I am pretty sure they taste great!
Hey there!
I see you're not one of our agents?
Are you interested in joining us?
There are no fees to join!
We are brokers that send help where help is needed. More adventurers like you means more profit.
If you're interested, talk to Raim.
Raim's a good guy.
Hahaha..
Hola?
Do you need help?
This is a general request in order to receive the next board's request.
I guess I have no business with you then.
Well, I'm an instructor for Eden Group.
I'm here to give you missions based on your current base level.
These missions are not very difficult to do.
I am the senior instructor here at Eden Group.
What do you say are you up for the challenge?
En serio?
That's so sad.
When you finish these missions I will even give you a pretty decent reward.
Yeah!
Ok, let me check what mission you should get ok?
Well... I know that you've got the heart but you're just a little too weak to help.
Sorry, but your basic level should be at least 60 to help with these missions.
Ok, I guess you're the bare minimum level for these missions.
Based on your level, I think that the Comodo area suits you.
Do you know where Comodo is?
You can get there by going to Morocc and then through Pharos Lighthouse.
Comodo is a small city on the coast with many caves.
Look for the cave located to the north. There's someone there named Romeo.
You know? As in Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo.
Go there are get the mission from him.
Well, then come back here alive when you're done!
Let's see...
Your level would suggest that Comodo is just too easy for you.
Yeah, here we go.
Do you know where Glast Heim is?
If there was a tragic accident now, the capital of the Rune-Midgarts Kingdom could revert back to there.
Well, if it wasn't infested with undead monsters, it would become the new capitol of Rune-Midgarts.
Please, come back alive.
Ah, ok so for you...
Hmm where do I send you?
There an industrial city called Einbroch.
You know it? It's a city covered in smog.
It's a pretty gloomy city come to think of it.
Anyways, go to Einbroch and find the Dispatched Instructor there. He should be in the field south of the main city.
Oh, there he is.
Romeo seems to be back from his field report.
We have rewards for you.
I'm sure Romeo gave you some items, but we brought more useful things.
Do you know where the weapon storage is at?
Go out through that large blue door and walk to the end of the hallway.
Ask the Blacksmith, and he will give you new equipment.
And the 2nd stage training and missions start at level 70, so come back then.
Don't forget, I'll be waiting for you.
Hey, buddy~
What's going on?
Hmm... You have a good form!
Let me see....
Which location would suit you...?
Ah, this place should be good!
Do you know where Glast Heim is?
If it wasn't for that terrible accident, Glast Heim would still be
the capital of Rune-Midgarts, not Prontera.
Anyways, that ancient castle is now full of undead monsters .
It's especially bad around the Abbey in the south.
All of those undead monsters come from the underground graveyard
Well... I guess you don't have to go all the way into the graveyard...
Once you get to the Abbey you'll see our unit member stationed in front of the entrance.
Follow his instructions to help clear out that area.
Please come back alive.
Really? At your level, I think you can easily complete the top class missions..
I'll be here if you change your mind.
2nd stage training missions start at level 70.
I'll see you then.
Did you pick up the necessary equipment from the storage?
Hahaha!
Oh! You're here!
I just got a message from Johan.
I think he's not telling me something, but I can't figure out what that is.
Anyways, good job. I'm glad you're not hurt
The Blacksmith BK said he'll reinforce your weapon.
You know where the Blacksmith is at right??
Go out through the blue door, to the end of the hallway.
BK is a great blacksmith, he'll make your weapon stronger.
What are you waiting for?
Ah, ever so improving "+ strcharinfo(0) +"?
To what do I owe this pleasure?
Hmm... You have a good form!
Let me see....
Really? At your level, I think you can easily complete the top class missions..
I'll be here if you change your mind.
3rd stage training starts at level 80.
I'll see you then.
Oh, if you haven't reinforced your weapon yet, go talk to BK.
Ah, you've come.
I just received a message from Kiren.
How was he? He didn't throw a tantrum for waking him up?
I wouldn't be surprised if he did
Anyways, good job. I'm glad you're not hurt.
The Blacksmith BK said he'll reinforce your weapon.
You know where the Blacksmith is at right??
Go out through the blue door, to the end of the hallway.
BK is a great blacksmith, he'll make your weapon stronger.
What are you waiting for?
It's nice to see you still strong!
What brings you today?
Really? At your level, I think you can easily complete the top class missions..
I'll be here if you change your mind.
4th stage training starts at level 90.
I'll see you then.
Oh, if you haven't reinforced your weapon yet, go talk to BK.
Congratulations on completing all training stages!
That took quite a bit of time huh?
The Blacksmith BK said he'll reinforce your weapon.
You know where the Blacksmith is at right??
Go out through the blue door, to the end of the hallway.
BK is a great blacksmith, he'll make your weapon stronger.
Good job!
Congratulations on completing all training stages!
How was the Expedition? From the looks of it, it must've been pretty tough.
Good job..
The Blacksmith BK said he'll reinforce your weapon.
You know where the Blacksmith is at right??
Go out through the blue door, to the end of the hallway.
BK is a great blacksmith, he'll make your weapon stronger.
By the way, it looked like Michael had something to tell you as well
Go talk to him, he's at the weapon storage as well.
Go ahead.
Buen trabajo.
Oh, if you haven't reinforced your weapon yet, go talk to BK.
Also, sometimes Michael needs help, so if you have time try to help him out.
I'm sure he'll reward you for your time.
You have to travel very far to get to the ^4d4dffMidgard Expedition Camp^000000!
If you want to stay there then earn your keep by doing missions. Got it?
I just realized... this was your first mission, wasn't it?
You must not have gotten the basic equipments yet, right?
Pick them up at the weapon storage.
Ask the Blacksmith Michael and he'll give you the equipment.
So, have you been in ^4d4dff"+ getarg(0) +"^000000 yet?
Didn't I tell you to go there?
Go there first and then come back to me. Okay?
Hmm.. Not bad ...
You must be getting a hang of this..
Let's go with a simple mission this time
There is a industrial city called Einbroch.
You've heard of it? It's a city clouded with pollution.
You'll appreciate the environment here so much more after visiting that city...
We should all be thankful.
Anyways, go out to the field south of Einbroch and you'll see the Dispatched Instructor.
I'm sure he'll recognize you first.
Don't forget to bring the Eden Group badge.
The city's pollution is unbearable
But the surrounding fields are relatively clean...
This should be pretty easy for you.
Uh-huh....
Hmm...
You seem like a cool-headed person. What do you think about the ice caves?
North of the city of Rachel is a cave filled with ice.
Find the Dispatched Instructor there.
Well, well...
I don't even know where to send you now.
I'm sure you are familiar with most places around here
Then, should I send you somewhere farther this time?
There is a Cat Paw Agent here.
Do you see him over there?
Through him, you can get to Ash Vacuum pretty easily .
Since there is a Expedition Camp there...
All you have to do is find the Eden Group agent there.
Tell him I sent you, and he'll give you instructions.
You can explore the new world
It's like a vacation isn't it?
Hahaha!
.. Maybe I'll go instead of sending you.
Anyways, their names are Ma~ something... I don't know.
So, the mission, once again, is finding our agent at the Midgard Expedition Camp.
Isn't this the easiest mission you've ever had?
Don't forget my present when you come back~!
How are you?
Comodo has the best weather in the whole world.
Even during the winter, Comodo has great weather.
Do you know why?
Comodo is surrounded by the ocean and caves.
Seasonal changes don't make any difference in the temperature here.
Take it easy here.
This area is a place for relaxation.
How are you?
You were sent here by Instructor Ur right?
Did you come here for a quest?
I don't know if this will fit you well
Why don't you just try it.
The thing about this cave is that, many monsters are created from stones.
If you stay cautious, they shouldn't be too threatning...
But most of them have range attacks..
And sometimes a really strong one roams around.
Well... this is the reason why you train right?
Let's try taking on one of the big monsters
'They are called 'Stalactic Golem'.
Try defeating some of them.
Not too difficult, right?
So, how good of an explorer are you now?
You've fought these before, so clearing this cave should be possible.
As I said before, since Komodo is a city inside a cave..
Access to the outside world is mostly done through the east entrance, but...
Let's try going out through the north.
There should be things you can hunt out there.
And instead of just walking out,
Let's kill about 10 Stalactic Golems on the way out.
So that, travelers coming from the north can safely walk through.
Remember, 10 Stalactic Golems. Then come to the other side of northern part of the cave
I'll be waiting outside.
As a test of the difficulty of this cave
Go defeat 3 Stalactic Golems.
Watch out for other monsters as well.
Let me help you recover if you are tired.
You must go through this cave to the outside.
Don't forget to defeat the Stalactic Golems you run into on the way.
I always give the same test to the trainees that come here..
I've never seen anyone pass it so perfectly like you did.
If you were sent from the Eden Group for training, wait for me at the town.
I'm waiting for a different trainee right now.
No no.. Not here.
I'm waiting for a different trainee right now.
Go back.
Ah, I see you didn't get lost.
Your skills at defeating those Stalactic Golems were better than I expected.
Just means you've improved that much.
Now look around here
We're in a dense forest now.
There are Dryads and Wootans here...
Next task is to clearing this area of monsters.
Bring me the following from the monsters.
5 Wootan Fighter's Shoulderguard
7 Dryad's Sharp Leaf
This is the last test.
Good luck.
I see you didn't get lost.
But you didn't defeat enough Stalactic Golems..
Go back and defeat them.
I'll help you recover if you are tired.
You really got these by defeating the monsters?
I believe you. I want to get out of here anyways.
There are no more training tasks here.
Go back and report to Ur.
Didn't I already tell you the last task?
Defeat the monsters in this forest, and bring me the items I asked for.
5 Wootan Fighter's Shoulderguard
7 Dryad's Sharp Leaf
You must bring me those to pass this test.
I'll help you recover if you are tired.
Ugh, It's way too hot here.
You can leave now.
Ah~ So bored.
You're not the one Ur sent, are you?
Oh~ That's okay.
This is Glast Heim Abbey.
Be careful, there are a lot of lost souls around here.
Oh oh!!
You're finally here!
I asked Ur to send someone to help me here!
SEL:What? I came for training..
No no, that's the same thing!
Your training mission is to help me clear out this Abbey!
Phew... It's been so tough.
I can't run in by myself, but then Gargoyles attack me out here..
Hahaha...
This abbey is our responsibilty.
Just like other monasteries, this one has an underground graveryad as well, but..
As you well know, this castle... is not at a normal state.
I think that's causing these souls from being able to rest in peace.
Let's defeat the ones around here first, since going underground may be too much for just us.
I'll be testing how skilled you are as well...
First target are the Wraiths.
You can tell them apart by their strange laugh.
They look like demons, but we can't tell for sure...
Defeat 20 Wraiths.
I'll assist you from here!
Oh~ You are pretty strong!
I'm so glad that someone strong like you came.
I wouldn't have last long here by myself.
By the way, did you see those other monsters besides the Wraiths?
They are the corrupted souls of priests.
They are called 'Evil Druid' as well.
Let's take care of these Evil Druids this time.
10 of them.
You can do it right?
I believe in you!
20 Wraiths!
I'll watch your back!.
... Of.. Course.. I'll fight too!
...Oh you're back!
(Johan Opens the door and checks)
Okay!!
Thank you! I really appreciate it!
I think I can enter without any worries now!
I hope those evil souls left it alone..
Hehe, I'll put in a good word to Ur!
You're a valient and skilled exorcist!
You can go back to Eden now
I'll stay and clean up the rest, hehe
10 Evil Druids!
I'll watch your back, like last time.
... Of... Course... I'll fight them too!
Go back and report to Ur.
That Glast Heim Abbey is clear now.
I need to stay and look for something... Good bye.
Ugh, I still haven't found the thing I lost.
Hmm... I may need to wait for the next trainee before I can start looking again... Eep!
Uh... You didn't hear that did you?
Hahahahahahaha!!!
Hahahahaha!!
What are you looking at?
You want something from me?
Mind your own business, go away..
Que?
Hmm, Ur sent you?
Oh, that training mission thing.
You've came a long way, I won't make you do anything too tough, don't worry.
The fields outside of Einbroch isn't too bad.
And monsters here usually leaves me alone, so I can nap all day.
But there are some that bother me.
Do you know Porcellios are?
Ugly looking insects... They steal too..
Let's defeat some of them as a warm up.
There are plenty of them around here. 30 shouldn't be too hard right?
I'm not holding a grudge just because they ate my lunch.
I'll be resting here until you're done.
What, You're done already?
I was just about to fall asleep... Oh well..
It can't be helped, I guess. Let's go to a different spot..
No, what are you talking about?
Go... with you?
You can by yourself right?
Okay, next task!
People of Einbroch say that the pollution is really bad in the north.
They are worried that pollution will drift into the town.
It's probably all those factories right there...
I guess I should still look into it.
The cause for the pollution... Find it and destroy it.
30 Venomous and 5 Teddy Bears.
That should be good enough.
I'm sure you'll do fine without me watching.
To show my support, let me give you some EXP and HP recovery.
The monsters are at the northern fields of Einbroch.
Okay then, be safe.
I'm going to take a nap.
So, have you punished those Porcellio's yet?
I don't think you're done yet right?
If you're hurt I'll heal you a bit.
Um...
I'm getting it done.
Hmm...
I'm still tired to finish...
Good. Those monsters have been bothering the Einbroch workers.
That was great..
I have some things to report to Instructor Ur.
I've been watching you closely and you've done well. Go back to Ur and deliver this report.
The monsters are at the northern fields of Einbroch.
Find the Noxious...
Don't try to lie to me that you've finished hunting them.
Yeah, if this is okay?
Ugh this is difficult.
I'll make you feel better though.
What serious?
Have you made your report to Instructor Ur?
Einbroch has commissioned work out so that means more training.
I'm not a thief...
It's a hard living.
Nor is there any real ambition.
Come practitioners?
Make things.
How convenient witchinya.
Heumnya. I'll sleep in one breath..
It's more than that~
Now where did the time go~
I thought you said you sent me~!
What is it? You'll help me. Is that right?
No, you don't have to do that.
I'm waiting for someone scheduled to help me.
And you are?
Oh, you were sent here by Ur?
I don't know how long I've been waiting here in the snow.
This is the ice dungeon of the northern plains.
Nothing like a cave that's cold the entire year.
So this is where the people of Rachel go for their ice supply.
But, this area is crawling with dangerous monsters.
One of those monsters is known as a Siroma.
They should be a good challenge for you.
Okay, then go in the cave and find those Siroma.
It's cold in there but this job has to be done.
OH, sometimes
You be careful in there.
Well, good luck~!
Ah... It's over...
Good!
Your skills have been verified.
Now, what have I happened to do next.
Those Siromas seem to be growing at a faster rate.
As before go and hunt 30 more Siromas and bring me some materials.
And get this... Well...
Please listen carefully
30 Ice Cubic
1 Sweet Sauce
1 Milk
I'm not just doing this for myself you know.
I'm doing this for everyone.
That's the last of it anyways.
So hunt those Siromas and get the materials.
We understand each other?
SEL:What about you?
Me? Well of course... I'm going to stand guard here.
I... I'm a busy person!
Besides this is training so who are you to ask me what about me?
Ve ahora!
Those Siromas are going to just get rowdier by the minute.
The biggest stumbling block is dealing with the Siromas.
Have you hunted 30 yet?
Oh, you want help recovering your HP/SP huh?
You'll get nothing from me~!
What challenge would that be if I did that?
Ohh!
You've brought everything.
Okay, so just one last thing...!
SEL:...... Look
Yes, yes? Why not?
Oh, that's right! I'm supposed to give you something.
You've done enough, I know.
I'll inform Instructor Ur.
A few more stages left to go so don't worry!
Oh and congratulations!
This is the last training stage prepared!
I guess I should do some of this myself~
Muahaha~
Have you finished hunting the 30 Siroma yet?
You've already done it once so this shouldn't be difficult...
And don't forget the 30 Ice Cubic, 1 Sweet Sauce, and 1 Milk.
Were you there yet?
Other people have come and go since you've been here last.
Now I don't have to get the materials myself.
Report back to Instructor Ur and report that the job is done.
Don't procrastinate.
Alas, is there anywhere where the buildup of ice caps is more than here?
Oh, sorry.
I don't know much about the life of an adventurer.
I'm just a member of Eden Group...
The proof that you have there.
You're here in paradise.
Instructor Ur sent you?
Oh, my mistake.
How do you do?
Oh, so you're here for the training from Instructor Ur.
Ok, I'm in a bit of a situation right now so I asked Instructor Ur to use his missions to help.
SEL:A situation?
Yes, 
Find Mine and do what he asks you.
We dispatched him to do something and he hasn't done it yet so I'm guessing he's either chickened out or failed.
So can you find him out there in Splendide Field?
Find him and figure out what the heck he's up to please.
Can you find those two brothers?
Find out what's up with them.
So what's up?!
- You tell her about Meeru and Mine. -
Yeah? Oh what?
This is not really...
Ok I'll go deal with them.
Well, whatever the Nepenthes and Pinguicula proof has been collected.
Your training is done so go back and talk to Instructor Ur.
Well, whatever the Nepenthes and Pinguicula proof has been collected.
Your training is done so go back and talk to Instructor Ur.
You think I'll lose!
All of them... Who're you?!
Mine is a stooge?
He sent you to watch me!?
What? Isn't that it?
Mine didn't send you did he?
You think I'll lose!
All of them... Who're you?!
Mine is a stooge?
He sent you to watch me!?
What? Isn't that it?
Mine didn't send you did he?
So why are you here?
SEL:Margaret sent me
Ah, Margaret!
Mine and Margaret are always trying to mess with me because of my win-!
Gosh...
It all started with them bickering.
Margaret was asked to scout for both of us. It's like what you're doing now.
Mine said that he was strong enough to defeat any monster.
So I insisted that he go to either East or West of the camp and show me.
Mine made an idle threat and huffed and puffed but didn't do anything.
Basically, Margaret didn't believe him and challenged him to kill 1 Nepenthes.
So anyways now I'm charged with asking people to go and hunt 1 Nepenthes because of that bickering incident.
It's really not that difficult to hunt 1 so just go to the field East of here and kill one of them.
Hmm yes I saw.
I knew I should've asked you to hunt more than 1.
Anyways you've proven that you're stronger than Mine ever made himself out to be.
Well anyways here's a small reward.
I'll just be here making sure other people hunt the Nepenthes. I might ask them to hunt more than 1 who knows.
Is hunting the Nepenthes too much for you?
You seem a bit flushed.
Fine I'll heal you!
I'll just be here making sure other people hunt the Nepenthes. I might ask them to hunt more than 1 who knows.
Something wrong?
Did you have trouble with that Nepenthes...
.........hyuk huk.
Oh cruel world.
Way to go passing by.
What a fiasco this has turned out to be
Oh cruel world...
Who are you?
Eh? Who!
I see. Is it that time already?
This has been difficult.
I'm in a crisis here!
Oh so you're not here by your own will eh?
So why even bother coming?
You didn't want to be here right?
Margaret sent you instead of someone else I bet.
Whatever, anyway I'm in a crisis here!
Ok I don't want to admit it but you gotta help me out here.
Ok just because I was complaining doesn't mean they have to send me here!
I mean they've asked for too much of a simple person like myself.
Ok here's the deal.
I'm supposed to hunt those Pinguiculas. Just 5 of 'em.
But you'll do that for me yeah?
I promise you I'll give you something good.
Thanks.
Excellent!
Now I can go back to the camp and...
I mean, can you tell Margaret that it's all done?
Oh don't worry she won't mind. I'll just go back to doing what I was doing. Here's your reward.
Come on 5 Pinguicula.
Really how did you get here then?
You're not lying about being a real adventurer are you?
Margaret gets everything she wants back at the camp.
Don't you worry, I'm going back soon.
- You have too many items in your inventory to continue -
Hmm, are you a member of Eden Group?
You need to be one of our members to use my services.
What's going on?
Hmm equipment strengthening.
I don't exactly do that for just anyone.
The first step is at least a higher degree of training so have you done the Eden Group training yet?
You have not awakened yet.
First do the missions set forth by Instructor Ur and I'll help you strengthen your equipment.
I won't help you unless you do that first!
Strengthen your equipment eh?
I'll strengthen the new Eden Group equipment for you by giving it a random stat boost.
So what equipment do you want to enhance?
I will strengthen your equipment after you've done a personal request of mine.
I just want to be sure that you're worthy of using my services.
Have you started the request of Instructor Ur?
I'm lending my services to those who are worthy.
Besides, you won't have the equipment that I can enhance until you do those missions.
Glad you're here.
As a blacksmith I am in need of Iron materials constantly.
Of course there will be a reward eventually...
So...
Bring me some materials.
I need 20 Iron Ore, and 10 Iron.
Bring me some materials.
Bring 20 Used Iron Plate.
It shouldn't be hard to get these can you bring them right away?
I appreciate it.
So take your time and I'll be waiting.
Eh...?
Guess you're too busy to help me.
Let me guess...
You've brought me the best quality materials.
Good.
I can always use more Iron materials.
Instead of a normal reward I'll give you an advanced equipment.
If at any time you think you have equipment that you need to strengthen come by me again.
I'm pretty sure that it isn't that difficult to do.
Now, that's it.
That's enough for today.
For now, ask me to strengthen your equipment and I'll do it for you.
If you have one of these bring them to me.
Eden Group Manteau II, Eden Group Armor IV, Eden Group Boots IV.
Come back later.
You have to wait for some time first.
Uh-huh...
What are we going to... oh don't worry.
Come to me later.
I'm not permitted to do this by Instructor Ur.
Don't mess with me.
Okay, I'll give you equipment.
I'll give you good armor and equipment that you'll be proud of.
So now, ^4d4dffmake sure that you have enough free inventory space.^000000
You do that.
Free up your inventory so that you can get the weapons, boots, and all the other equipment.
Hmm, you are eligible to receive equipment.
Yeah I understand that.
Hmm something went wrong though. I'm not sure what...
Here's your equipment.
I'll also give you the other gear that comes along with this set.
You can strengthen the equipment that I gave you.
Weapons Expert BK is at Eden Group Headquarters and he can do that for you.
So go to him and he can make your equipment stronger.
Have you gotten your gear yet?
I can give you the gear but I can't strengthen it for you.
Your armor can be strengthened by someone else.
I wish I could but I can't.
Choose a weapon.
Choose from the following.
Eden Group "+ getarg(1) +"?
I understand.
Remember the stats that are enhanced will be random.
You sure you want me to enhance this?
You sure you don't want to enhance it?
It's your choice.
I understand.
Let's begin the enhancement.
Ok, seems that the enhancement went well.
If you don't like the result then you can come back again tomorrow.
Hmm... Don't you have the "+ getarg(1) +"?
I don't think you have it with you.
What's happening?
No way?!
Yeah?
Are you asking me what I know?
Ah, you're here to enhance your gear.
Okay, shall we?
You have to have the equipment first in order for me to do anything.
Didn't you get anything from Thorn yet?
Hmm, no.
I don't have permission from Instructor Ur.
You have to finish your training.
Once you do that I can help you.
Until then I won't talk to you.
Okay, what weapon do you want to enhance?
Ok for the first reinforcement.
ATK + 3% or MATK + 3%?
I'll give you the option to grant this effect on the selected gear.
You can't change your mind after so choose wisely.
Would you look at that. Your weapon will now be stronger.
Isn't it magnificent?
I know, I know, I'm pretty amazing!
Are you kidding me?
You don't seem to have that weapon in your possession.
Hmm, I'm not sure you're ready.
All 3 steps of Instructor Ur's missions have to be completed first.
You get what I'm saying?
Finish the third mission from Instructor Ur.
Good. So you previously received an addition to Atk or Matk.
For this option you can choose from Brute, Plant, Fish, Dragon, Increased Heal.
Once you've chosen you can't change your mind again.
But your weapon will increase damage to the type of enhancement you pick.
Basically I will add a random monster card with the property type that you choose.
Good luck!
Good. Your weapon will now increase Heal effectiveness.
Good. Your weapon will increase attacks to "+ .@type$ +" type monsters.
Isn't it magnificent?
I know, I know, I'm pretty amazing!
Sorry, but it doesn't seem like you have a weapon that can be enhanced.
How did this happen?
Instructor Ur has a lot of training missions doesn't he?
There's only one more stage.
Reach the final stage of training.
Okay, this is the last step.
I will make your weapon even more enhanced.
The card added from the previous step will be doubled.
And if you have a healing weapon it will increase it's healing efficiency.
You understand?
Ok what weapon did you have now?
Doubling the strength of your bonus stat.
Isn't it magnificent?
I know, I know, I'm pretty amazing!
Hey, you think I'm joking?
Do you have the weapons or not?
How do you like your enhanced weapon?
Hopefully it has helped you.
I've given you the peak of your weapon's efficiency.
Weapons aren't the only things that need strength, though, don't you agree?
Come on admit it.
Thorn gave inspiration and I intend on providing strong equipment, that's how to live life.
Hahahaha!
Password
Please select the variable you want to modify.
SEL:para_suv01:para_suv02
Enter the modified value
Value of para_suv0"+.@var+" has been changed to "+.@input+".
......meow wee.
Ah...
Conozco esos ojos.
Llenos de compasion
...y coraje.
Por supuesto que eres voluntario para la campania de recuperar la Alcantarilla de Prontera. Quieres que te teletransporte ahi?
SEL:Teletransportarme a la Alcantarilla.:Salir.
Ah, dejame informarte que el Cuartel General de Defensa de la Capital del Reino de Rune-Midgarts ha decidido reclutar una fuerza punitiva debido a la situacion de la Alcantarilla de Prontera.
SEL:Ser voluntario.:Situacion...?:Salir.
Estas listo, heroe?
Ahora te teletransportare
a la Alcantarilla.
No te has enterado...?
La Alcantarilla de Prontera esta infestada de todo tipo de alimanias inmundas!
Debido al serio riesgo de contaminacion del agua, y la seguridad de los habitantes de Rune-Midgarts, la Alcantarilla ha sido puesta en cuarentena por decreto real.
No hace falta decir que esto ha causado escasez en el suministro de agua de nuestro reino. En verdad, una crisis en estos tiempos oscuros...
Nuestra gente
tiene sed de agua...
Pero tienen aun
mas sed...
De un heroe!
Te quedaras de brazos cruzados mientras los hijos de Rune-Midgarts sufren con gargantas resecas y derraman lagrimas de sequedad?! Enterrarias a nuestros hijos?!
Guerreros! Rune-Midgarts los llama! Limpien la pestilencia de esta tierra y expulsen a las alimanias de la Alcantarilla! Solo ustedes... Pueden hacer la diferencia.
SEL:Ser voluntario.:Salir.
Aventurero...
Ahora te teletransportare
a la Alcantarilla de Prontera.
Hmpf. Bueno. La proxima vez que tomes un trago de agua, solo recuerda que un promedio de nueve ninos y medio acaban de morir... ^990000De sed^000000.
Tu registro...
esta completo.
Me gustaria agradecerte por ofrecerte como voluntario para hacer tu parte por nuestro gran reino. Aqui tienes, toma estas provisiones para tus batallas contra las fuerzas de la oscuridad.
3 Red Potions, 1 Milk,
y 1 Orange Potion
...para darte esperanza.
Ah, eres uno de nuestros voluntarios. Esta es la entrada de la Alcantarilla de Prontera.
Deseas
entrar?
SEL:Claro.:Salir.
Lo siento, pero solo podemos permitir la entrada a voluntarios de la Campania de la Alcantarilla.
Si te gustaria ser voluntario, por favor visita al ^000077Registrador de la Alcantarilla^000000 ubicado en la direccion de las 11 en punto de Prontera.
Oh...
Esas Flores en tu mano son...
SEL:Mostrar Flores:Regalar Flores:Cancelar
Ah...
Esas son definitivamente los 4 tipos de Flores que estaba buscando! Me las darias?
Si lo hicieras...
Te dare mi preciado objeto.
Realmente aprecio mucho lo que has hecho por mi. Estoy verdaderamente agradecido. Te dare mi preciado objeto como prometi.
Este es el Sombrero que use en mi Graduacion de la Universidad. Me recuerda mis felices dias escolares. Por favor toma esto...
... Oh, lo siento.
Pero eso no es lo que estoy buscando. Quiza necesites estudiar las flores un poco mas?
No crees que...
Las Flores son bonitas?
SEL:Hablar:Salir
Cuando era joven,
no tenia amigos y
estudiaba todo el tiempo.
A veces lamento lo que hice cuando era mas joven, pero ya no es gran cosa. A traves del estudio arduo, termine todos los cursos educativos antes que todos los demas estudiantes.
Sin embargo...
Estaba triste y a veces solo. Cuando el estudio se ponia muy dificil, necesitaba a alguien que me escuchara. Finalmente, un dia, conoci a mi mejor amiga.
Cuando vi una Hermosa Flor floreciendo en el Jardin abandonado, me di cuenta de que era mi amiga que compartia mi destino.
Aunque es una Flor Comun y Normal para otros, ella me dio la razon para estudiar de nuevo. Pude lograr mis metas gracias a ella.
Asi que recientemente...
Estoy tratando de devolverle el favor. Ahora estoy estudiando Flores, y planeo cubrir todo el mundo con ellas.
Para lograr mi trabajo...
Necesito montones de flores. Pero para alguien que rara vez sale, es muy dificil encontrar todas las flores que necesito.
Necesito 1 ^3355FFIllusion Flower^000000 ,1 ^3355FFHinalle^000000,1 ^3355FFAloe^000000 y 1 ^3355FFMent^000000. Si puedes traermelas, te daria mi tesoro...
Algun dia cubrire todo este mundo con Flores.
Ay rayos...
Que voy a hacer?
Tengo que entregar estos
libros, pero... Yo... Ay,
no puedo asustarme ahora!
Ay rayos...
Que voy a hacer?
Tengo que entregar estos
libros, pero... Yo... Ay,
no puedo asustarme ahora!
SEL:Hablar con el:Ignorarlo
Oye, cual parece
ser el problema?
Ack! Tu eres ese torpe
que me hizo tirar
Ack! Tu eres esa atolondrada
que me hizo tirar
todos esos libros antes!
Espera, me dejaste antes,
asi que por que actuas preocupado ahora?
Bien, bien...
Ni pienses
en flotar en
el cielo. Eres como,
muy estable. No pienses...
Solo... Solo aborda ese barco...
SEL:Bueno, yo, eh...
Si... Un verdadero
hombre no se hubiera
largado en ese entonces
sin ayudarme.
Eres un verdadero raro,
lo sabias?
Si... Si fueras
una dama elegante y considerada
me hubieras ayudado
antes. Tengo razon, no?
^3355FFInstintivamente
pateas una de las
pilas de libros junto
al joven.
No pudiste evitarlo:
fue un reflejo natural!^000000
^3355FF*BAM!*^000000
Ack! Esos libros...!
Me tomo tanto tiempo
apilar todos esos!
Oh no, que desastre!
Aqui, dejame ayudarte
a acomodar estos bien
desde el fondo de
mi maldito corazon.
Eh...?
Oh, gracias por
ayudarme aqui.
Realmente lo aprecio.
SEL:Son todos estos tuyos?
Estos? Oh, se supone que
debo entregarlos por mi trabajo.
Necesito llevar estos a Juno
desde la Biblioteca de Prontera
para un cliente. Sin embargo, eh...
Bueno...
Me mareo muy
facilmente, asi que me da
miedo de muerte subir al Aeronave
hasta Juno.
Ahora estoy en problemas!
Nunca llego tarde, pero esta
vez simplemente no puedo evitarlo.
No hay nada que pueda hacer!
Oh, voy a perder este trabajo!
Espera... Ustedes los aventureros
viajan mucho, verdad?
Si vas a viajar a Juno,
podrias por favor entregar esto
por mi? Estare en serios problemas
si no envio estos libros...
E-entiendo.
No es tu 
asunto, lo se, pero
estoy tan desesperado...
Oh, hola de nuevo.
Disculpa, pero estoy tratando de
concentrarme aqui. Voy a...
Reunir todo mi coraje...
y s-subir a esa Aeronave!
Argh! No, no puedo hacerlo!
^333333*Sollozo...*^000000
Que voy a hacer?
Ese tipo ha estado esperando
a que le entregue sus libros
por bastante tiempo ya...
Oh, por favor entrega
esos libros que te di
al ^FF0000Sr. Karlomoff^000000, quien
deberia estar esperando cerca
de la Biblioteca de Juno. Gracias
de nuevo por tu ayuda~
Ack! Me dejarias
en paz y me dejarias trabajar?
Tengo algo importante
que hacer! Cuando termine de acomodar
estos libros, necesito... necesito hacer algunos preparativos!
Ack! Me dejarias
en paz y me dejarias trabajar?
Tengo algo importante
que hacer! Cuando termine de acomodar
estos libros, necesito... necesito hacer algunos preparativos!
^3355FF*BAM!*^000000
Oye, ten cuidado!
No puedes ser mas
cuidadoso?! Caray!
Ups, lo siento mucho.
Estas bien?
Si, y no gracias a ti!
Oh... No te preocupes, estoy bien.
^3355FFNotas que el chico
dejo caer muchos libros
de tapa dura que probablemente tratan sobre
ruinas y sus leyendas, basandote
en sus titulos. El chico se sacudio
el polvo y comenzo a
apilar cuidadosamente los libros.^000000
SEL:Irse:Ayudarlo a apilar los libros
La proxima vez, fijate
por donde caminas,
si? Digo, podrias
realmente romper
algo si siempre eres
tan descuidado!
Eh...?
Oh, gracias por
ayudarme aqui.
Realmente lo aprecio.
SEL:Son todos estos tuyos?
Estos? Oh, se supone que
debo entregarlos por mi trabajo.
Necesito llevar estos a Juno
desde la Biblioteca de Prontera
para un cliente. Sin embargo, eh...
Bueno...
Me mareo muy
facilmente, asi que me da
miedo de muerte subir al Aeronave
hasta Juno.
Ahora estoy en problemas!
Nunca llego tarde, pero esta
vez simplemente no puedo evitarlo.
No hay nada que pueda hacer!
Oh, voy a perder este trabajo!
Espera... Ustedes los aventureros
viajan mucho, verdad?
Si vas a viajar a Juno,
podrias por favor entregar esto
por mi? Estare en serios problemas
si no envio estos libros...
E-entiendo.
No es tu 
asunto, lo se, pero
estoy tan desesperado...
Oh, por favor entrega
esos libros que te di
al ^FF0000Sr. Karlomoff^000000, quien
deberia estar esperando cerca
de la Biblioteca de Juno. Gracias
de nuevo por tu ayuda~
SEL:Ayudarlo:No ayudarlo
Oh, muchas gracias!
No entiendes cuanto
le temo a esas Aeronaves.
Ahora, podrias por favor entregar
estos libros al ^FF0000Sr. Karlomoff^000000
cerca de la Biblioteca de Juno?
Se que estos libros son
bastante pesados, pero ten mucho
cuidado con ellos! De todas formas,
gracias por hacer esto por mi.
Estaba realmente al limite...
^3355FFEspera un momento!
Ahora mismo llevas
demasiadas cosas contigo.
Por favor regresa despues
de usar el Servicio Kafra
para guardar algunos de tus objetos.^000000
^3355FFEspera un momento!
Ahora mismo llevas
demasiadas cosas contigo.
Por favor regresa despues
de usar el Servicio Kafra
para guardar algunos de tus objetos.^000000
El misterioso pasado de Juno
guarda algun gran secreto.
Estoy seguro! Me emociona
saber que mi investigacion
me acerca cada vez mas
a finalmente revelarlo!
Pero admitire que ni siquiera yo se cuanto tendre que
investigar para aprender lo que quiero. Es nuestro deber como historiadores
descubrir la verdad del pasado, pero definitivamente no sera facil.
Entender, ver la verdad
del pasado con mis
propios ojos... Hasta venderia
mi alma por la oportunidad.
^3355FFCuando te acercaste, este
historiador cerro de repente
el libro que estaba leyendo,
miro al cielo y
solto un profundo suspiro en un vano
intento de aliviar su tension.^000000
GRRRRRRRRR!
Donde estan mis libros?!
SEL:Estas bien?
Eh? Oh. Lamento que
hayas tenido que ver eso. Estoy
extremadamente molesto. Veras,
estoy esperando una entrega de
libros de investigacion de Prontera,
pero aun no han llegado.
De hecho, el repartidor esta
muy retrasado. Esto retrasara mi
investigacion considerablemente ya
que no puedo continuar sin mas
material nuevo para estudiar.
SEL:Disculpe, pero cual es su nombre?
Hm? Soy Karlomoff, el
primer erudito del Grupo
de Investigacion Historica de Rekenber.
Necesitabas algo, o
estabas buscando a alguien
en particular por aqui?
SEL:Oh, yo vengo a entregar los libros por el.
Ah, en serio?
Genial, llegaste!
Entonces, donde estan los libros?
Yo...
No los tengo
ahora mismo.
Que...?
No me digas que
los perdiste! Esos
libros eran invaluables!
Viniste hasta aca
solo para decirme eso?
Bueno, supongo que tendras
que reportar la perdida de
los libros y conseguir nuevas
copias de esos libros que
se suponia debias entregar.
Ahora apurate, necesito investigar!
SEL:Cierto, traje tus libros.
Que? Pero tu no eres el
repartidor. Bueno, dejame ver
los libros que trajiste. Hm...
Tal como pense: el Reino de Rune-
Midgarts tiene una gran
riqueza de informacion antigua.
Ah, muchas gracias por
traer estos. Sin embargo, por
tu forma de vestir, puedo decir
que eres un aventurero.
Que paso con el repartidor que debia traer estos?
Le da miedo subirse a la Aeronave?
Mareos? Bueno, eso es
bastante comprensible. El pobre
chico debio haberme contactado
sobre eso antes.
Cielos, ha pasado
un tiempo desde que tuve
un visitante. Te gustaria
quedarte a platicar un rato?
Solo dame un minuto para tomar
un vaso fresco de agua primero~
Ah, ese vaso de
agua era justo lo que
necesitaba para refrescarme.
Dejame contarte
un poco sobre mi trabajo.
Quiza lo haya mencionado antes, pero mi nombre es Karlomoff y
trabajo en la Investigacion Historica de Rekenber como su primer erudito. Recientemente
terminamos nuestro proyecto sobre la Republica de Schwarzwald.
Ahora, estamos tratando de aprender
mas sobre la historia del Reino de
Rune-Midgarts. Creemos
que esta vinculada a nuestra Republica
de Schwarzwald porque comparten el
continente. Tiene sentido, verdad?
En ultima instancia, esperamos que
nueva informacion de nuestra
investigacion de Rune-Midgarts
arroje nueva luz sobre nuestra
comprension actual del pasado de
la Republica de Schwarzwald.
Incluyendome, hay
^3131FF3 miembros del Grupo de
Investigacion Historica de Rekenber^000000
que estan estudiando la historia
del Reino de Rune-Midgarts.
SEL:Grupo de Investigacion Historica de Rekenber?
Ustedes los aventureros de Rune-
Midgarts quiza no lo sepan, pero
la Corporacion Rekenber tiene
control no oficial sobre nuestra
Republica de Schwarzwald. Algunos
lo odian, otros no les importa.
De todas formas, Rekenber tiene su propio
Grupo de Investigacion Historica ya que
redescubrir tecnologias antiguas ha sido clave para su exito, bueno,
hasta donde puedo decir. Personalmente, disfruto la busqueda del conocimiento.
Oh, aqui hay un dato
interesante! Sabias que el
titulo de gobernante de Rune-Midgarts
no siempre se pasa
a traves de la misma familia?
En realidad, hay varias
familias reales que realizan una
competencia especial para decidir
cual principe se convierte en el
proximo rey. Fascinante...
SEL:Varias familias reales?
Si, intentare explicarlo
brevemente. Hay un total
de 7 familias reales. Cada
familia desciende de uno
de los 7 guerreros que fundaron
el Reino de Rune-Midgarts.
Segun los registros,
Jormungand, la serpiente de la
tierra, aparecio y trajo
caos a todo el continente.
7 guerreros aparecieron y ahuyentaron a la serpiente, salvando al mundo.
Con el regreso de la paz,
los 7 guerreros establecieron
el Reino de Rune-Midgarts,
eligiendo a Tristram Geoborg III
como el primer gobernante del reino. 
Sabiendo que sus descendientes
quiza no siempre merezcan
gobernar el reino, los 7 guerreros acordaron realizar un concurso entre
sus familias en cada generacion para prevenir la corrupcion real.
Oh... No muy emocionado
por la historia, eh? Bueno,
quiza si canto la cancion
antigua de este mito, podrias
entenderlo mejor...
^FF0000*La gran serpiente*^000000
^FF0000*se trago el mar.*^000000
^FF0000*El aguila del arcoiris*^000000
^FF0000*se trago a la serpiente.*^000000
^FF0000*Entonces el aguila construyo su nido.*^000000
^FF0000*Un nido sobre el mar tragado.*^000000
^333333*Ejem*^000000 Como ves, soy
bastante desafinado. Pero el
punto es que la gente todavia
alaba las hazanias de los 7 guerreros
a traves de esta cancion. No es
interesante saberlo?
Lamento haberme dejado
llevar mientras hablaba
largo y tendido sobre la
historia de Rune-Midgarts. Aun asi,
espero que hayas encontrado
al menos un poco entretenido el relato.
Oh! Vas a regresar al
Reino de Rune-Midgarts?
Si es asi, entonces tengo un favor
que pedirte. Podrias por favor
entregar este reporte que escribi a mi colega en Morocc?
Seria de gran ayuda
para mi si pudieras llevar este
reporte a ella de inmediato.
Ah, su nombre es Rodafrian.
Estoy seguro de que puedes encontrarla
en algun lugar de esa ciudad del desierto.
Por favor encuentra a mi colega,
Rodafrian, en Morocc y
entregale mi reporte.
Deberias poder encontrarla
ahi haciendo investigacion.
SEL:Lo hare:Puedo escuchar esa cancion de nuevo?
Una vez mas, gracias
por tu ayuda.
Realmente acelerara el
progreso de mi investigacion,
especialmente ya que esos libros
fueron entregados bastante tarde...
Cancion? Oh, te refieres a la
que alaba a los 7 que
fundaron el Reino de Rune-Midgarts
? Claro, veamos...
^FF0000*La gran serpiente*^000000
^FF0000*se trago el mar.*^000000
^FF0000*El aguila del arcoiris*^000000
^FF0000*se trago a la serpiente.*^000000
^FF0000*Entonces el aguila construyo su nido.*^000000
^FF0000*Un nido sobre el mar tragado.*^000000
Debes estar mas interesado
en la historia de lo que sospechaba.
Si quieres, te escribire una
carta de recomendacion
para el Grupo de Investigacion
Historica de Rekenber. Ja ja ja~
Ah, ha pasado un tiempo
desde la ultima vez que te vi.
Rodafrian en realidad vino
a visitarme hace unos dias.
Creo que vino aqui
a presumir o amenazarme...
Fue muy surrealista.
Seguia desvariando sobre
alguna revelacion increible,
y sobre finalmente ponerme
en mi lugar. No sabia que ella
pudiera ser tan competitiva!
ZzzzZZz....
ZzzzZZz....ZZZzzzz...
^3355FFEspera un momento!
Ahora mismo llevas
demasiadas cosas contigo.
Por favor regresa despues
de usar el Servicio Kafra
para guardar algunos de tus objetos.^000000
^3355FFParece que perdiste
el Reporte de Karlomoff. Necesitabas
entregarlo aqui a
una de sus colegas...
Oh, como puede ser este lugar
tan caliente? Esto
no puede ser bueno para mi piel...
Ooh, ojala estuviera de vuelta
en la Republica de Schwarzwald~
Hola.
D-disculpa, pero,
eh, puedo ayudarte?
SEL:El Sr. Karlomoff me envio.
Karlomoff...?
El? Bien...
Para que te envio
a mi?
^3355FFLe entregas el reporte
de Karlomoff a Rodafrian.^000000
Un reporte? Que quiere presumir
esta vez?
^333333*Suspiro*^000000 Ah bueno, gracias por
la molestia. Lo revisare,
aunque no espero
mucho si Karlomoff lo escribio.
SEL:Preguntarle sobre su investigacion:Terminar conversacion
Oh, sabes sobre el
Grupo de Investigacion Historica
de Rekenber? Ah, cierto. Karlomoff
ya te debe haber contado.
Actualmente estamos investigando
el Reino de Rune-Midgarts.
Ahora, aunque entiendo el
valor de los libros y
registros antiguos, creo que Karlomoff
depende demasiado de ellos.
Prefiero investigacion mas activa
al estilo de la arqueologia.
Ahora mismo, estoy pasando
tiempo en Morocc para visitar la
Esfinge y las Piramides y ver
si puedo excavar algunas reliquias.
Espero poder descubrir nueva evidencia historica de esa manera.
Si te interesa
aprender mas sobre la historia
de Morocc, por favor ve y
habla con mi asistente. El es muy apasionado por estudiar la
cultura e historia de esta ciudad.
En realidad, la gente de
Morocc tambien aprecia la
historia de su ciudad, y transmite
canciones sobre tiempos antiguos
a traves de las generaciones. Veamos,
como iba esa?
^FF0000*La gran serpiente*^000000
^FF0000*se trago el mar.*^000000
^FF0000*El aguila del arcoiris*^000000
^FF0000*se trago a la serpiente, y*^000000
y... y... Eh. Oh cielos.
No puedo recordar la siguiente
linea! De hecho, has
escuchado esta cancion antes?
SEL:Si, la he escuchado.:Si, pero es diferente.:No, lo siento.
Oh, que bien!
Me proporcionarias
la linea que
sigue a estas letras?
^FF0000*La gran serpiente*^000000
^FF0000*se trago el mar.*^000000
^FF0000*El aguila del arcoiris*^000000
^FF0000*se trago a la serpiente.*^000000
En serio? Tiene
sentido, pero esas letras
suenan diferentes a las
que habia escuchado. Hmmmm...
Si no te importa, podrias
por favor decirme tu nombre?
Eh...?
Eso no suena
bien para nada. Estas seguro
de que esa es la letra que escuchaste?
Como dijiste?
La cancion es diferente?
Hm. Entonces, podrias
por favor cantarme la version
que tu conoces?
^3355FFTe aclaras la garganta
y comienzas a cantar la cancion
que escuchaste de Karlomoff.^000000
*The great serpent*
*swallowed the sea.*
*The eagle of the rainbow*
*swallowed the serpent.*
*Then the eagle built its nest.*
*A nest upon the swallowed sea.*
En serio? Tiene
sentido, pero esas letras
suenan diferentes a las
que habia escuchado. Hmmmm...
Si no te importa, podrias
por favor decirme tu nombre?
Eh...?
Eso no suena bien
para nada. Estas seguro de que esas
son las letras que escuchaste?
Bueno entonces. Te
importaria si te pregunto
tu nombre, aventurero?
Aunque amo hacer mi
investigacion y descubrir
nueva informacion sobre
la historia, me siento un poco solo
a veces. No mucha gente
comparte mis intereses, sabes...
^3355FFCon los brazos cruzados, Rodafrian
parece estar sumida en sus pensamientos.
Luego, como si tomara
una decision importante, ella
te mira directamente a los ojos
y comienza a hablar.^000000
Aventurero...
Quiero saber tu nombre.
Segun recuerdo, Mondo deberia
estar en el Monte Mjolnir, ubicado
en la region norte del
Reino de Rune-Midgarts. Preguntale
por las letras de la cancion que no puedo recordar...
Oh, regresaste.
Te reuniste con Mondo
y descubriste las letras de
esa cancion que buscaba?
^FF0000*La gran serpiente*^000000
^FF0000*se trago el mar.*^000000
^FF0000*El aguila del arcoiris*^000000
^FF0000*se trago a la serpiente.*^000000
^FF0000*Entonces escamas de serpiente crecieron en*^000000
^FF0000*el aguila, y lentamente murio.*^000000
Oh, si!
Si, esa era! Ahora
recuerdo, muchas gracias!
Ah, de vuelta al trabajo...
^333333(Como historiadora, Rodafrian
podria ayudarme a
investigar la maldicion de los
Geoborg. Los sacerdotes me dijeron
que no le contara a nadie.
Deberia tomar este riesgo?)^000000
SEL:Contarle sobre la maldicion de Jormungand:No contarle
^3355FFLe explicas todo
lo que has aprendido a
Rodafrian, eligiendo no
guardar ningun secreto.^000000
Gracias por compartir eso
conmigo. Espero que te des cuenta
de lo preciosa que es esa informacion.
No tenia idea de que la familia
real guardara ese tipo
de secreto. Cielos...
Sabes, realmente no
se mucho sobre veneno, pero
si se que, aparte de nuestros
propios Asesinos, hay expertos
en veneno viviendo en alguna extrana
tierra ubicada al oeste.
De todas formas, tu reporte sobre
la familia Geoborg sera
muy apreciado por el
Grupo de Investigacion Historica de
Rekenber. Pero primero, necesito
terminar este proyecto de Morocc...
De todas formas, manten esta informacion
en secreto entre tu y yo
por ahora. Luego, cuando revele el secreto de la maldicion de la familia real
Geoborg, finalmente opacere a ese Karlomoff! Muajajajaja!
^333333(Rayos, no me dio
ninguna ayuda... Todo lo que hice fue
revelarle un gran secreto
que ella podria divulgar!
Bueno, supongo que mejor regreso
con los sacerdotes...)^000000
Oh, dejame agradecerte
una vez mas por pasar por
la molestia de conseguir
esa letra para mi~
Ya hago pasar a mi asistente
por suficientes problemas...
Tambien mejor no olvido
revisar el reporte de
Karlomoff. Tendre que tener un
debate con el tarde o
temprano, y realmente quiero
poner a ese tipo en su lugar!
^3355FFRodafrian parecia muy
feliz y comenzo a leer
el reporte de Karlomoff.
Por ahora, seria mejor
regresar con el Padre Bamph.^000000
^3355FFRodafrian parecia muy
feliz y comenzo a leer
el reporte de Karlomoff.
Por ahora, seria mejor
regresar con el Padre Bamph.^000000
Acabo de visitar a
Karlomoff y le dije lo
que pienso! Creo...
Creo que lo puse en su lugar.
Pero nunca puedo estar segura
con ese tipo astuto...
Acabo de visitar a
Karlomoff y le dije lo
que pienso! Creo...
Creo que lo puse en su lugar.
Pero nunca puedo estar segura
con ese tipo astuto...
No parece que
Rodafrian pueda ofrecerte
mas informacion. Por
ahora, seria mejor
ir a la ^3355FFIglesia de Prontera.^000000
Lo siento, pero estoy
realmente muy ocupada con mi
investigacion en este momento.
Quiza podamos hablar despues
cuando haya terminado esto?
Ah "+strcharinfo(0)+", eh?
Te importaria si te pido un favor? Realmente necesito verificar las verdaderas
letras de esta cancion. Sin embargo,
necesito quedarme aqui en Morocc
para completar mi investigacion.
Podrias por favor encontrar a mi
colega Mondo y preguntarle
las letras de esta cancion? Puedes
encontrarlo en las ruinas antiguas
en el Monte Mjolnir, al norte en el
Reino de Rune-Midgarts.
Me disculpo por pedirte
que hagas lo que suena como
un encargo tonto, pero realmente
necesito saber las letras de esta cancion
para el bien de mi investigacion...
^3355FFEspera un momento!
Ahora mismo llevas
demasiadas cosas contigo.
Por favor regresa despues
de usar el Servicio Kafra
para guardar algunos de tus objetos.^000000
Disculpa...
Pero si no tienes
algo importante para
mi, entonces podrias
por favor irte? Tengo
investigacion que atender...
Lo siento, pero la Sra. Rodafrian
queria que te pidiera las
letras de una cancion que describe
la fundacion del Reino de Rune-Midgarts.
Me las dirias
para ella?
Rodafrian? Oh, ella debe
referirse a esa vieja cancion
infantil. Como iba?
Ah, ahora recuerdo...
^FF0000*La gran serpiente*^000000
^FF0000*se trago el mar.*^000000
^FF0000*El aguila del arcoiris*^000000
^FF0000*se trago a la serpiente.*^000000
^FF0000*Entonces escamas de serpiente crecieron en*^000000
^FF0000*el aguila, y lentamente murio.*^000000
Si, lo se: la cancion
es bastante morbida, a pesar
de que se canta como
una cancion tan alegre. A veces
estas canciones estan hechas
para asustar a los ninos a portarse bien.
SEL:Disculpe...
Hm? Te ves confundido.
Tenias alguna pregunta
para hacerme sobre la cancion?
En realidad, escuche
una version diferente
de esta cancion, asi que me
preguntaba por que las letras
serian diferentes...
De verdad?
Bueno entonces, dejame
escuchar la version que
tu has escuchado, empezando
desde el principio.
Ah, me dirias
las letras de la version de
la cancion del mito fundacional
del Reino de Rune-Midgarts
que escuchaste?
Interesante...
La version que escuchaste
de Karlomoff es diferente
a la que yo conozco. Es
posible que su version
sea la mas autentica.
Despues de todo, aprendi
la version que conozco
escuchando a un
nino cantarla.
SEL:Un nino?
Si. Mi teoria? La version
que el nino canto pudo haber
cambiado al ser transmitida
de boca en boca a traves de las generaciones. Si quieres saber mas, probablemente
deberias encontrar a ese nino.
De todas formas, Karlomoff puede tener
la version mas precisa de
la cancion ya que es muy bueno
obteniendo y autenticando
registros y documentos historicos
escritos. Es su especialidad.
Ah, si quieres saber mas,
entonces deberias intentar encontrar al
nino que estaba cantando la cancion.
Hmm, podria estar por ^3131DDel
rio cerca de aqui^000000. Esperemos que
no sea muy dificil encontrarlo.
Una vez que puedas hablar
con ese nino, ve y
reportale a Rodafrian.
Ella probablemente necesita saber
pronto, y yo puedo hablar con ese
nino a mi propio ritmo, asi que...
Bueno entonces, espero que
encuentres lo que buscas.
Buena suerte en tus
viajes, aventurero.
No es este un
lugar hermoso?
No es de extranar que
los pueblos antiguos eligieran
vivir por aqui...
*The great serpent*
*swallowed the sea.*
*The eagle of the rainbow*
*swallowed the serpent.*
*"+.@line$+"*
*"+.@line$+"*
Espera, espera...
Creo que me equivoque!
(Esas no eran las
letras correctas...)
^FF0000*La gran serpiente*^000000
^FF0000*se trago el mar.*^000000
^FF0000*La gran serpiente*^000000
^FF0000*se trago el mar.*^000000
^FF0000*El aguila del arcoiris*^000000
^FF0000*se trago a la serpiente.*^000000
^FF0000*Entonces escamas de serpiente*^000000
^FF0000*crecieron en el aguila...*^000000
^FF0000*Y lentamente murio...*^000000
Guau Guau!
La gran serpiente
se trago el mar.
El aguila del arcoiris
se trago a la serpiente.
Entonces escamas de serpiente crecieron en
el aguila, y lentamente murio.
Cielos...!
Podrias dejar de
cantar esa cancion?
^3355FFEl nino miro en silencio
a la mujer por un
momento, y luego se agacho
y comenzo a acariciar a un
perro sentado junto a el.^000000
SEL:Que acabas de cantar?:Ignorarlos
Guau-guau, has escuchado
esta cancion? Mami
me enseno a cantarla,
sabes. Dice que la cantaba
la gente desde hace mucho tiempo~
^3355FFEl nino siguio hablando
con el perro como un viejo amigo,
ignorando tu presencia y
actuando como si no existieras.^000000
Kaanu...
Que te dije
sobre ignorar
las preguntas de la gente!
Uy, Guau-guau.
Mami parece molesta
por alguna razon.
Lo siento, mi hijo es...
Mira, querias saber
mas sobre esa cancion? Intenta
no preocuparte: es solo una vieja tonada infantil.
SEL:Por que estan aqui?:Puedo escuchar la cancion de nuevo?
^3355FFEl labio de la mujer se tensa
de verguenza. Es obvio
que este tema la hace
sentir muy incomoda.^000000
Guau-guau, sabes
por que Mami siempre
esta tan triste? Me gustaria saber
por que Mami nunca sonrie...
Esta bien. Puedo hacer
esta cosa simple por ti.
Dejame recitar esta cancion...
La gran serpiente
se trago el mar.
El aguila del arcoiris
se trago a la serpiente.
Entonces escamas de serpiente crecieron en
el aguila, y lentamente murio.
^3355FFEl nino se veia
muy agotado y cansado de
la vida, una mirada que es muy
inquietante en el rostro
de un nino pequeno.^000000
^3355FFEl nino aun
no te habla, pero
reconoce tu presencia
haciendo contacto visual
y sonriendo.^000000
^3355FFEl nino aun
no te habla, pero
te hace sentir bienvenido
dandote una calida sonrisa.^000000
^3355FFTe resulta dificil
ignorar los ojos inquisitivos
y desconfiados del nino
dirigidos a ti. Es muy claro que
no confia en ti.^000000
^3355FFEspera un momento!
Ahora mismo llevas
demasiadas cosas contigo.
Por favor regresa despues
de usar el Servicio Kafra
para guardar algunos de tus objetos.^000000
La gran serpiente
se trago el mar.
El aguila del arcoiris
se trago a la serpiente.
Entonces escamas de serpiente crecieron en
el aguila, y lentamente murio.
Cielos...!
Podrias dejar de
cantar esa cancion?
^3355FFEl nino miro en silencio
a la mujer por un
momento, y luego se agacho
y comenzo a acariciar a un
perro sentado junto a el.^000000
SEL:Que acabas de cantar?:Ignorarlos
Guau-guau, has escuchado
esta cancion? Mami
me enseno a cantarla,
sabes. Dice que la cantaba
la gente desde hace mucho tiempo~
^3355FFEl nino siguio hablando
con el perro como un viejo amigo,
ignorando tu presencia y
actuando como si no existieras.^000000
Kaanu...
Que te dije
sobre ignorar
las preguntas de la gente!
Uy, Guau-guau.
Mami parece molesta
por alguna razon.
Lo siento, mi hijo es...
Mira, querias saber
mas sobre esa cancion? Intenta
no preocuparte: es solo una vieja tonada infantil.
SEL:Por que estan aqui?:Puedo escuchar la cancion de nuevo?
^3355FFEl labio de la mujer se tensa
de verguenza. Es obvio
que este tema la hace
sentir muy incomoda.^000000
Guau-guau, sabes
por que Mami siempre
esta tan triste? Me gustaria saber
por que Mami nunca sonrie...
Esta bien. Puedo hacer
esta cosa simple por ti.
Dejame recitar esta cancion...
La gran serpiente
se trago el mar.
El aguila del arcoiris
se trago a la serpiente.
Entonces escamas de serpiente crecieron en
el aguila, y lentamente murio.
No mucha gente
viene a esta area remota.
Que te trae hasta
aqui, me pregunto?
En realidad, solo estoy
tratando de aprender las
verdaderas letras de esa
cancion que el nino
ha estado cantando.
Las letras de esa cancion, y
su significado, pueden cambiar
de persona a persona con
el tiempo. Supongo que parte
de la razon es porque ha
sido transmitida oralmente...
Suena como una cancion tan alegre,
pero su significado cambio
para mi desde que
ocurrio el accidente...
Ha pasado tanto, pero no creo
que el dolor sane alguna vez.
SEL:Accidente?
Lo... lo siento.
No creo que pueda hablar
de eso. Si lo intento, se que
revivire el horror. Cada dia
ya es una lucha para lidiar
con los pecados que he cometido.
Se que es egoista, pero
tengo un favor que pedirte.
No puedo dejar esta area,
y rara vez recibo visitantes. Serias tan amable de entregar
algo a Prontera por mi?
Solia vivir en Prontera,
y desde el accidente,
el Padre Bamph ha sido muy
solidario conmigo. No es suficiente para pagar su amabilidad, pero por favor
dale estas hierbas de mi parte.
Puedes encontrar al ^3131FFPadre Bamph^000000
en la ^3131FFIglesia de Prontera^000000. Cuando lo 
veas, por favor dale mis
mas calidos saludos. Lo haria yo
misma, pero por lo que hice, no puedo regresar a Prontera...
^333333(Bien entonces. Supongo
que deberia entregar estas
hierbas a la Iglesia de Prontera
antes de hablar con Rodafrian.)^000000
El Padre Bamph me ha ayudado
mucho. Por favor lleva
esa bolsa de hierbas a el en
la Iglesia de Prontera, y dale
mis mas calidos saludos.
Oh, regresaste?
Pudiste entregar
esa bolsa de hierbas que
te di al Padre Bamph?
Si, lo hice. En realidad,
el Padre Bamph me envio
aqui para preguntarte algunas
cosas. Veras, el me conto
todo sobre el secreto real
y, bueno, tu exorcismo.
Oh. Ya veo.
Debes pensar
que soy un monstruo...
Esos pobres ninos
murieron por mi culpa...
N-no! Para nada!
Solo queria preguntar si habia
una conexion entre
la cancion que Kaanu ha estado
cantando y la maldicion de Jormungand.
Despues de que el exorcismo fallo,
deberia haber sido castigada
con la muerte. Pero la familia real y la Iglesia de Prontera tuvieron
piedad de mi, y me permitieron
vivir aqui en exilio.
Comence a cantar esta cancion
para mantenerme distraida,
aunque estuviera relacionada con
la maldicion de Jormungand.
Sabes, ahora que lo pienso,
recuerdo haber escuchado
que despues de que fallo el exorcismo,
una sirvienta encontro un fragmento de una
Gema Roja mientras limpiaba
los terrenos ceremoniales secretos.
Siempre pense que
era un poco extrano.
Queria investigarlo,
pero luego fui despedida
de la Iglesia de Prontera
despues de mi fracaso...
Un fragmento de
una Gema Roja?
Quiza... quiza es
evidencia de que alguien
saboteo el exorcismo!
Lo que paso fue tragico,
pero me haria sentir
mucho mejor si eso fuera
realmente la verdad. Aunque el
exorcismo haya sido saboteado,
no podemos retroceder el tiempo...
^333333(Hmm...
Mejor regreso a
la Iglesia de Prontera
y le digo al Padre Bamph
sobre esta informacion.)^000000
Es realmente muy
dificil vivir
con esta culpa.
Fui entrenada para ayudar
a la gente, no para matarla!
^3355FFIntentaste consolar
a Bonnie Imbullea por un
rato antes de regresar
a la Iglesia de Prontera.
^3355FFLe dices a Bonnie Imbullea
que las muertes de los principes
no fueron su culpa y que el exorcismo probablemente fue saboteado.
Sin embargo, guardas los detalles, como el uso de veneno, para ti.^000000
Eso es realmente cierto...?
Oh, estoy tan feliz! Realmente
pense que tendria que vivir el
resto de mi vida recluida con
esta horrible verguenza. Oh, muchas
gracias por tu ayuda!
Kaanu podra conocer
a otros ninos de su
edad... Finalmente podremos vivir
una vida normal. Que maravilloso...
Pero espera...
Exactamente como murieron
los principes, entonces?
No habia ninguna
herida en los cuerpos
por lo que recuerdo...
Bueno, eh, yo no sabria
nada de eso, pero
el Padre Bamph y el Padre
Biscuss estan manejando la
investigacion, y estan
haciendo su mejor esfuerzo para averiguarlo.
Ya veo. Bueno, creo en
ellos: son grandes sacerdotes,
despues de todo. Aunque pueda ser
perdonada por mi fracaso, aun temo por la familia real...
Todo lo que puedo hacer por ahora es rezar.
De todas formas, prometo que
no revelare lo que se
sobre este incidente al
publico. Y si alguna vez vienes
por la montana de nuevo, espero
que pases a visitarnos.
No entiendes
cuanto significan para mi las noticias
que has traido.
Finalmente puedo liberarme de
esta pesada culpa...
Gracias, amable aventurero~
^3355FFAhora, puedes regresar con
Rodafrian, la historiadora
ubicada en Morocc.^000000
Por tu gracia y misericordia,
por favor ten piedad de las pobres
almas y protege a la familia real...
Bendicenos con tu luz y
que tu sabiduria nos guie...
Supongo que nos hemos
acostumbrado demasiado a la paz
y serenidad del Monte
Mjolnir. No sera facil
irnos, aunque seamos bienvenidos a regresar a Prontera...
Muchas gracias
por ayudar en la
investigacion de los
principes. Nunca conoceria
la felicidad de nuevo si no
fuera por tus esfuerzos.
^333333*Suspiro...*^000000
Bienvenido a la
Iglesia de Prontera.
Por favor relajate, y
deja que tu mente y
espiritu encuentren descanso en
estas salas sagradas.
SEL:Darle la bolsa de hierbas.
Ack!
Ahora, donde puse
esa bolsa con las hierbas?
Puedo preguntar...
Por que me das
esta bolsa de hierbas?
Bueno, habia una
senora viviendo en el Monte
Mjolnir que queria que
te diera esto. Eh, ella
tiene un hijo llamado Kaanu?
Oh, debes haber conocido
a Bonnie Imbullea. Ha
pasado mucho tiempo desde
que la vi. Como esta
ella, puedo preguntar?
Oh...
Supongo que esta bien.
Pero parece realmente...
No se, atormentada...
Bien! Si ella estuviera feliz
y relajada despues de lo que
hizo, ni Dios la perdonaria!
Merece vivir el
resto de su vida en agonia!
Padre Biscuss, como puedes
decir algo asi?
Ella hizo todo lo posible para detener lo
que paso! Deberiamos compadecerla
por el sufrimiento que debe estar sintiendo. Donde esta tu compasion?
Bah! No me hables
de compasion! No fuiste
tu quien la recomendo
para realizar el exorcismo en
primer lugar? No lo
olvidaste, verdad?
Ja!
SEL:Sobre Bonnie Imbullea
Bueno...
No se...
No se si
deberia contarte 
sobre ese incidente...
Sabes que? Si Bonnie
envio a este aventurero aqui
para un favor, probablemente significa
que confia en esta persona. Ademas, necesitamos a alguien que lleve a cabo
esta tarea por nosotros. Por que no el?
esta tarea por nosotros. Por que no ella?
Tus palabras tienen razon,
Padre Biscuss.
Bueno entonces, aventurero, dame
la oportunidad de contarte
algo muy importante. Pero, no debes contarselo a nadie mas...
Lo que estoy a punto de contarte
debe mantenerse en secreto.
Ahora, sabes sobre
Jormungand, la gran serpiente
nacida del dios Loki y
la giganta, Angrboda?
Jormungand era una bestia
malvada que, despues de la guerra
de mil anios entre los dioses y
demonios, comenzo a atacar humanos.
Trajo gran caos y mucho
sufrimiento alrededor del mundo...
Finalmente, el primer Tristram de
la familia Geoborg derroto
a Jormungand junto con otros 6
guerreros, pero solo despues
de que matara a su amado padre.
Tristram se convertiria en el
primer rey del Reino de Rune-Midgarts,
pero su familia sufriria
la maldicion impuesta
por Jormungand antes de su derrota. 
Hasta el dia de hoy...
^FF0000Cada primer principe de
la familia Geoborg muere
a temprana edad^000000. Esa es
la maldicion de Jormungand y
el secreto de la familia real.
Que...?!
Esto es realmente cierto?!
No hay alguna manera de
contrarrestar esta horrible maldicion?!
Por favor baja la voz.
Si, es una lastima que la
familia real deba sufrir asi.
Pero todos los exorcismos
que se han intentado
a lo largo de los anios han fallado...
Aunque la situacion
parecia desesperada, el Rey
Tristram III intento una vez mas exorcizar la maldicion. Siguiendo
sus ordenes, los mejores sacerdotes y exorcistas fueron convocados.
Una serie de pruebas fue
realizada para seleccionar a los
mejores sacerdotes y exorcistas
para remover esta maldicion. Al final, ^3131FFBonnie Imbullea^000000 fue elegida para
liderar la ceremonia de exorcismo.
Espera, pero mencionaste
algo sobre un accidente.
Eso significa que ella fallo
en realizar el exorcismo?
Si, desafortunadamente.
Despues de que los sacerdotes y
exorcistas se reunieron en los
terrenos ceremoniales secretos,
tres principes fueron asesinados
en lugar de solo el primero.
Aunque todos juramos
mantener ese incidente en secreto,
Bonnie Imbullea asumio toda
la responsabilidad por las muertes.
Por eso esta en exilio
auto impuesto del reino.
Que...?
Eso es...
Eso es una locura!
Se que esta es
una historia muy larga,
y que es un poco
complicada. Por favor
escucha lo que tenemos
que pedirte de aqui en adelante...
Ahora, debes saber que
todos los principes que fueron
asesinados ese dia tenian extranas
marcas en sus cuerpos.
Casi parecia como si les
estuvieran creciendo escamas de serpiente.
Espera, les crecieron escamas
de serpiente? Eso suena igual
a una de las versiones de
esta cancion que estoy investigando.
Creo que era la cancion sobre el origen del Reino de Rune-Midgarts.
Espera, esa cancion?
Hm, no veo como
esta relacionada. Veamos
ahora, como iba?
Arcoiris... Aguilas...
Ah! Ahora recuerdo!
La gran serpiente
se trago el mar.
El aguila del arcoiris
se trago a la serpiente.
Entonces el aguila construyo su nido.
Un nido sobre el mar tragado.
Hmm...
Bueno, escuche una
version diferente
de la misma cancion.
Va asi...
La gran serpiente
se trago el mar.
El aguila del arcoiris
se trago a la serpiente.
Entonces escamas de serpiente crecieron en
el aguila, y lentamente murio.
Oh, cielos. Aprendi la cancion
cuando era un nino de
mi padre. Sin embargo, tu version parece revelar el secreto de la maldicion
de los Geoborg. Dime por favor, donde escuchaste esa cancion?
Bueno, primero escuche esta
version de un historiador,
y luego descubri que
Bonnie Imbullea la conoce
tambien. Eh, hay algun problema?
Si esas letras se difunden,
el secreto de la maldicion de la
familia real podria ser
revelado al publico. Podrias
por favor ayudarnos hablando
con Bonnie Imbullea una vez mas?
Si puedes, por favor intenta
ver si puedes aprender alguna
conexion entre la maldicion
y la cancion, o si ella puede
recordar algo que paso
despues de que fallo el exorcismo...
Por favor visita a Bonnie
Imbullea en el Monte Mjolnir
para ver si puedes aprender mas
sobre esa cancion, o sobre lo que
paso despues del intento de exorcismo de la maldicion de Jormungand.
Ah, hablaste
con Bonnie Imbullea?
Por favor dime si
aprendiste algo nuevo.
^3355FFLe cuentas todo
lo que Bonnie Imbullea dijo,
incluyendo el descubrimiento
de un fragmento de Gema Roja
en los terrenos ceremoniales secretos. 
Gema Roja? No hay
razon para que eso este en
un lugar sagrado. Hmm. Hay
mas en este caso de lo que
se ve a simple vista. Mejor investiguemos
la verdad, empezando ahora.
Ven conmigo, aventurero,
a los terrenos ceremoniales
secretos de la familia real.
Solo usa el interruptor oculto
dentro del librero y
te encontrare ahi.
Ven conmigo a los
terrenos ceremoniales secretos
para que podamos investigar
la posibilidad de sabotaje
con el exorcismo que
Bonnie Imbullea realizo.
Hay un interruptor oculto
en el librero que puedes
usar para transportarte
ahi. Ve, y te encontrare
en los terrenos ceremoniales.
Este es un asunto de grave
importancia, pero no podemos
alertar a la familia real aun y
causar panico. Seria mejor
investigar esto completamente
primero y recolectar pruebas.
Valiente aventurero, podrias
por favor visitar el Gremio
de Asesinos en Morocc y ver si puedes
aprender algo sobre como
podemos verificar si se uso veneno
para matar a los principes?
Por favor ve si puedes
aprender algo sobre pruebas
para el uso de veneno de
un miembro del Gremio
de Asesinos en Morocc.
Ah, regresaste~
Lograste aprender
algo sobre veneno del
Gremio de Asesinos? Se que
sus miembros deben ser
muy dificiles de encontrar...
^3355FFLe cuentas toda la
informacion que aprendiste
sobre veneno al Padre Bamph,
incluyendo el metodo para probar
el uso de veneno en asesinatos. 
Ah, ya veo. Entonces, podrias
por favor traer 1 Yellow
Gemstone y 1 Green Potion
a los terrenos ceremoniales secretos lo antes posible? Te esperare
ahi una vez mas.
Puedes usar el interruptor
oculto en el librero para
entrar a los terrenos ceremoniales
secretos. No olvides que necesitamos
^3131FF 1 Yellow Gemstone^000000 y ^3131FF1 Green Potion^000000 para probar el veneno.
No puedo creerlo!
Si se uso veneno, entonces
el segundo y tercer principe
fueron asesinados! Increible...
Como puede alguien matar ninos?
Al menos, ahora
sabemos que sus muertes no
fueron culpa de Bonnie Imbullea.
Ahora debo discutir con el Padre
Biscuss y decidir como contarle
a la familia real sobre esto...
Una vez mas, dejame recordarte
que todo lo que ha
ocurrido aqui debe mantenerse en
secreto. El publico no puede saber
de la maldicion de Jormungand! Causaria agitacion politica y caos!
Aun asi, eso no significa
que no pueda agradecerte personalmente
por toda tu ayuda. Estoy muy agradecido por lo que has hecho,
aventurero. Que la seguridad te acompane en todos tus viajes.
Estoy perdido sobre que
hacer. A veces, hasta
yo tengo dudas y creo
que Odin nos ha abandonado...
Ah, regresaste~
Lograste aprender
algo sobre veneno del
Gremio de Asesinos? Se que
sus miembros deben ser
muy dificiles de encontrar...
^3355FFLe cuentas toda la
informacion que aprendiste
sobre veneno al Padre Bamph,
incluyendo el metodo para probar
el uso de veneno en asesinatos. 
Ah, ya veo. Entonces, podrias
por favor traer^3131FF 1 Yellow
Gemstone^000000 y ^3131FF1 Green Potion^000000
a los terrenos ceremoniales secretos lo antes posible? Te esperare
ahi una vez mas.
No puedo creerlo!
Si se uso veneno, entonces
el segundo y tercer principe
fueron asesinados! Increible...
Como puede alguien matar ninos?
Al menos, ahora
sabemos que sus muertes no
fueron culpa de Bonnie Imbullea.
Ahora debo discutir con el Padre
Biscuss y decidir como contarle
a la familia real sobre esto...
Oh, y podrias por favor
informar a ^3131FFBonnie Imbullea^000000 que
las muertes de los principes no
fueron su culpa? Estoy seguro de que esas noticias le traerian un gran alivio
de su carga de culpa...
Una vez mas, dejame recordarte
que todo lo que ha
ocurrido aqui debe mantenerse en
secreto. El publico no puede saber
de la maldicion de Jormungand! Causaria agitacion politica y caos!
Aun asi, eso no significa
que no pueda agradecerte personalmente
por toda tu ayuda. Estoy muy agradecido por lo que has hecho,
aventurero. Que la seguridad te acompane en todos tus viajes.
Ya hablaste con
Bonnie Imbullea?
Intenta no preocuparte por las
noticias sobre el asesinato
de los principes. El Padre Biscuss
y yo nos encargaremos.
Ah, regresaste~
Lograste aprender
algo sobre veneno del
Gremio de Asesinos? Se que
sus miembros deben ser
muy dificiles de encontrar...
Le cuentas toda la
informacion que aprendiste
sobre veneno al Padre Bamph,
incluyendo el metodo para probar
el uso de veneno en asesinatos. 
Ah, ya veo. Entonces, podrias
por favor traer ^3131FF1 Yellow
Gemstone^000000 y ^3131FF1 Green Potion^000000
a los terrenos ceremoniales secretos lo antes posible? Te esperare
ahi una vez mas.
Oh, "+strcharinfo(0)+"~
Cuanto tiempo sin vernos.
Hablaste con
Bonnie ya? Ah, y
como puedo ayudarte hoy?
^3355FFLe dices al Padre Bamph
que hierbas raras crecen en
una tierra al oeste, aunque
no mencionas que le
contaste a Rodafrian sobre la maldicion.^000000
Tierra al oeste?
Se rumorea que ese lugar esta
poblado por fanaticos.
Padre Bamph, creo que
podrian ser los principales sospechosos del
asesinato de los principes...
Bueno, admitire que es
posible, pero no hemos tenido
contacto con nadie de la
tierra al oeste por tanto tiempo...
Aun es muy pronto para hacer ese tipo de suposiciones.
SEL:Tierra al oeste?
No se sabe mucho sobre
la tierra al oeste. Enviamos
a varios sacerdotes
ahi una vez para difundir nuestra
fe. Sin embargo, fallaron...
Por lo que puedo decir,
casi todos ahi
son fieles seguidores de
la religion nativa de esa region.
De todas formas, gracias por informarnos.
Nos encargaremos desde aqui.
Ah, para preservar los secretos
de la familia real, te pido que
te abstengas de entrar a los
terrenos ceremoniales secretos
de ahora en adelante. Gracias de nuevo por tu ayuda, "+strcharinfo(0)+".
Lo siento, pero seria
posible que hablaramos
despues? Tengo que atender
una tarea muy importante ahora...
Oh, te estaba esperando,
aventurero. Lamento
darte tan poco
aviso, pero parece que
te has vuelto mucho mas fuerte
desde la ultima vez que nos vimos.
La Iglesia ha recibido
una solicitud del Palacio
de Prontera, pero no tenemos
los recursos para manejarla.
Creo que serias adecuado
para esta tarea si nos ayudas.
Un hombre de alto rango
desaparecio de repente hace un tiempo.
Aunque el Palacio de Prontera
nos pidio encontrarlo, solo
puedo decirte quien es despues.
Todo lo que sabemos es que fue
visto por ultima vez en Comodo. Por favor
habla con nuestro informante, ^6B8E23Larjes^000000,
y el te asistira en tu
busqueda del oficial perdido.
Por favor ve a Comodo y
encuentra a nuestro informante, ^6B8E23Larjes^000000,
en el Casino. El te ayudara
en tu busqueda del
oficial que desaparecio.
Ah, encontraste a Larjes?
Como va tu investigacion de la
desaparicion de ese oficial?
Espero que todavia
este sano y salvo
cuando lo encuentres.
SEL:Contarle lo que dijo Larjes.
Ya veo. Hemos detectado alguna
actividad inquietante de
Arunafeltz ultimamente, pero no
pense que harian
su movimiento tan pronto. Hmm...
Dame un momento para pensar.
Bueno, he considerado todas
las posibles situaciones. Creo
que funcionaria mejor si
continuas tu investigacion
en nuestro nombre. Eso es, si
estas dispuesto a hacerlo.
No queremos provocar
un conflicto internacional
con nuestra participacion oficial,
pero tampoco puedo obligarte a
trabajar para nosotros. Si puedes
ayudar es tu decision.
SEL:Dejame pensarlo.:Por supuesto, ayudare.
Espero que decidas
ayudarnos. La seguridad de
nuestra nacion depende del
exito de esta investigacion.
Realmente podriamos usar tu ayuda.
Gracias. Me alegra saber
que nos ayudaras. Puedes
tomar la aeronave en Izlude para
viajar a Arunafeltz, donde debes
continuar tu investigacion.
Creo que deberias
poder aprender mas si
investigas la ciudad de ^9370DBRachel^000000.
Por favor acepta este dinero
para cubrir tu pasaje de Aeronave.
Gracias, y buena suerte.
Hmm... Cual es la mejor manera
de manejar esto? Dejame
pensar en nuestras opciones.
Podemos--no. Eso no
funcionaria. Esto sera dificil.
Podrias tener problemas
en Rachel ya que la cultura
ahi es muy diferente a
la nuestra. Su forma de hacer
las cosas, su gobierno...
Todo esta ligado a la religion.
Muchas gracias por todo
tu arduo trabajo. Nuestros agentes
te contactaran cuando
descubran nueva informacion.
Recuerda que nadie puede
saber lo que hemos estado haciendo.
Gracias por traernos
informacion tan importante. Con
tu ayuda, pudimos
resolver algunos casos sin resolver.
Esperabamos algo como
esto, pero no tan pronto.
Temo que la Corte Real
ha estado discutiendo sobre sus
propias necesidades egoistas. Rezo para que
no empeore, ni se convierta
en caos. ^666666*Suspiro*^000000 Ya veremos...
Me molesta que
Arunafeltz haya estado tan quieto
ultimamente. Conoces la expresion
sobre la calma antes
de la tormenta furiosa, verdad?
Hmm, todavia sospecho que
alguien del Gremio de
Asesinos pudo haber matado a los
principes. Por si acaso, voy
a enviar un espia. Manten
esa informacion en secreto.
Asi que si. No aprendiste
ni escuchaste nada de nosotros,
y no sabes nada
sobre la maldicion de la familia real.
De aqui en adelante, el Padre Bamph
y yo nos encargaremos de este asunto.
Nunca habia visto al Padre
Bamph asi antes, pero
puedo entender como se siente.
Como uno de los lideres de esta
iglesia, se siente responsable
por las muertes de estos principes.
Estoy seguro de que se sentira
mejor en unos dias,
pero ahora mismo, no esta en
condiciones de compilar la
valiosa informacion que has
proporcionado, asi que lo hare yo.
Personalmente, siento que
lo que paso fue tragico,
pero deberia ser vengado.
Quiza por eso he guardado
rencor contra Imbullea
todo este tiempo. De todas formas...
Aunque no podemos
reconocerlo publicamente,
en nombre de la Iglesia
de Prontera, quiero agradecerte
por toda tu ayuda.
Nadie puede conocer la luz
sin experimentar
la oscuridad. La paz no
tiene significado hasta que se
contrasta con el caos.
La religion se vuelve aun
mas importante durante tiempos
de caos y tiempos de necesidad.
Debo mantener la calma, especialmente
cuando el Padre Bamph se siente tan mal por todo este incidente...
Por favor guarda
silencio dentro de la
Sala del Sacerdote. Gracias
por cooperar.
Hm...?
Estas listo para
regresar arriba?
SEL:Si:No
Por favor sigueme.
Por favor tomate tu tiempo
e investiga esto tan
a fondo como puedas.
Ahi estan los cuerpos
de los principes Geoborg
que fueron asesinados durante
el exorcismo. Por favor mira
el cuerpo a la izquierda.
Por favor mira
el cuerpo a la
izquierda lejana, el primer principe.
Esa marca extrana se veia
igual a escamas de serpiente.
Es... Esa es la marca dejada
por la maldicion de Jormungand?
Asi es.
Ahora, examinemos el
cuerpo del segundo principe,
ubicado en el medio.
Ahora...
Ahora deberiamos
examinar al tercer principe.
Subamos donde podamos
continuar esta conversacion.
Ah, quiza quieras pedirle
al Padre Biscuss que te guie.
Tienes una ^3131FFYellow
Gemstone^000000 y ^3131FFGreen Potion^000000
listos? Si es asi, deberias comenzar
a probar en el cuerpo del tercer principe antes que los demas.
La marca desaparecio?
Oh, esto es simplemente horrible!
Eso significaria que se uso veneno
para asesinar a los otros
principes! Casi... no puedo...
Yo... Necesito algo de tiempo
para recuperarme del shock
y pensar en todo
esto cuidadosamente. Por ahora,
regresemos arriba.
Ya hemos perturbado los
cuerpos de estas pobres
almas suficiente. Deberiamos
regresar arriba ahora...
Este es el cuerpo del
primer hijo del rey, el
principe heredero. Tal como ha
sucedido por generaciones,
la maldicion se llevo la vida del
principe primogenito...
^3355FFBajo una de las
mangas del principe, notas
una marca oscura. Al
subir la manga,
notas que la marca se asemeja
a escamas de una serpiente.^000000
^3355FFVertiste un poco de
la solucion hecha de
Yellow Gemstone y Green
Potion en la marca de la piel.
Esperaste un rato, pero no hubo ninguna reaccion de la solucion.^000000
^3355FFEs el cuerpo de un hombre
vestido con lujosas tunicas.
Aunque fallecido, el color
de vida aun no ha dejado el cuerpo. 
Este es el cuerpo del
segundo principe. La maldicion
solo deberia matar
al principe primogenito, pero
los tres principes de esta
generacion fueron asesinados...
A pesar de nuestros grandes esfuerzos
para exorcizar esta poderosa
maldicion, todos fallamos. Los
involucrados han comenzado a creer
que Odin nos pudo haber abandonado... 
^3355FFExaminas el cuerpo del
segundo principe y notas
que las marcas de escamas en su
piel son mas tenues, y ligeramente
diferentes en color, que las
marcas en el primer principe.^000000
Padre Bamph...!
Mira, estas marcas son
diferentes en el segundo
principe que en el primer
principe! Ves? Son diferentes
en oscuridad y coloracion.
Cielos, tienes razon!
Como pasamos esto por alto?
Hm, esto apoya la idea
de que una conspiracion puede estar
involucrada. Vamos a revisar
el cuerpo del tercer principe.
^3355FFVertiste un poco de la
solucion hecha de Green
Potion y Yellow Gemstone
en las marcas de escamas del cuerpo. Las
marcas de escamas se vuelven mas tenues y
la solucion burbujea al contacto. 
^3355FFEs el cuerpo de un hombre
vestido con lujosas tunicas.
Aunque fallecido, el color
de vida aun no ha dejado el cuerpo. 
^3355FFTu y el Padre Bamph
inspeccionan apresuradamente el
cuerpo del tercer principe y encuentran que las
marcas de escamas en su piel son
un poco mas oscuras que las marcas
en la piel del segundo principe.^000000
Esto es muy sospechoso...
Las muertes del segundo y
tercer principes pudieron haber sido
causadas por asesinato, en vez de
la maldicion. Sin embargo, que podria
haberse usado para matarlos?
SEL:Un arma!:Veneno!
Hmm... Pero ninguno de los
cuerpos tenia heridas
o cicatrices. Si ese fuera el
caso, estoy seguro de que el rey hubiera
declarado la guerra a alguien.
No pudo haber sido un arma.
Veneno...?
Oh cielos! Nadie en la
Iglesia de Prontera sabria
lo mas minimo sobre eso. Pero
quiza se uso veneno.
Como podemos averiguarlo con certeza?
Digo, ve directo a
los expertos. Alguien en el
^FF0000Gremio de Asesinos en Morocc^000000
deberia saber. Escuche que pueden
hacer veneno que puede matar
a un hombre con solo una gota!
Ah, es buena idea!
Hmm, pero primero, vamos a
continuar esta conversacion
afuera, si? Preferiria
no molestar estos cuerpos...
Subamos donde podamos
continuar esta conversacion.
Ah, quiza quieras pedirle
al Padre Biscuss que te guie.
^3355FFAbres una botella de
Green Potion e insertas una
Yellow Gemstone. La gema
se disuelve rapidamente, convenientemente
formando una solucion para probar la presencia de veneno. La viertes
en las marcas de escamas del principe.^000000
^3355FF*Pssssssssh*^000000
^3355FFLa solucion burbujea
una vez que toca la piel,
y las marcas de escamas de serpiente
en el cuerpo del principe lentamente
se desvanecen hasta desaparecer.^000000
^3355FFNecesitaras tener
una Green Potion y
una Yellow Gemstone para
probar y confirmar
si el veneno mato al
segundo y tercer principes.^000000
^3355FFLas marcas de escamas de serpiente
en el cuerpo de este principe han
desaparecido despues de que aplicaste
la solucion de Green Potion y Yellow
Gemstone en la piel.^000000
^3355FFEs el cuerpo de un hombre
vestido con lujosas tunicas.
Aunque fallecido, el color
de vida aun no ha dejado el cuerpo. 
Que asunto
te trae aqui?
SEL:Veneno:Nada
Necesito hablar con
un especialista en veneno.
Estoy investigando
algo para la
Iglesia de Prontera,
posiblemente un asesinato.
Escucha con cuidado.
Solo te dire esto
una vez.
Hay un
Pub Privado de Asesinos
en la direccion de las 7 en punto
en Morocc. Ve a buscar a alguien
llamado ^3131FFMarjana^000000 adentro.
No. Esa mirada en
tus ojos. Estoy seguro de
que hay una razon por la que
has venido aqui...
Esta muy seco y
ventoso hoy. Me gusta este
clima. Se siente como si
combinara perfectamente con el alma
de un verdadero Asesino, el solitario
que se esconde en las sombras.
Que asunto te trae
aqui? Te doy
4 minutos para hablar
conmigo, asi que se directo.
Quiero aprender
mas sobre veneno
y confirmar si fue
usado para matar a alguien.
Veneno? Has venido
a la persona indicada.
Si yo no se la respuesta,
dudo que encuentres a alguien
mas que la sepa. Pregunta.
Es cierto que el veneno
de un Asesino
puede ser tan poderoso,
que solo una gota
puede matar a una persona?
Es cierto que tal veneno
poderoso existe, pero veneno tan letal
generalmente solo es usado por
Assassin Cross. Generalmente,
los Asesinos normales usan venenos
que son mucho menos potentes.
Bien. Puedes hacer
un veneno que deje una
marca especifica en el cuerpo?
Claro. Hay todo tipo de
venenos que existen que estoy
segura de que no puedes ni imaginar.
Sin embargo, venenos que dejan
marcas especificas son dificiles de
usar, y pocos pueden manejarlos.
Los tipos de marcas
que quedan atras dependen
de los materiales
usados para crear el veneno.
Ya que algunos materiales son
exclusivos de ciertas areas...
Bueno, el tipo de marca
que quedo atras en realidad podria
servir como algun tipo
de pista. Cual era la marca
en el cuerpo de la victima?
No estamos seguros de si
se uso veneno aun,
pero hay marcas que
parecen escamas de serpiente
en los cuerpos.
Hmm. Sabes, si tuviera
que adivinar, diria que
probablemente se uso veneno.
Pero el veneno tendria que
originarse fuera del
Reino de Rune-Midgarts...
Si...
Los materiales usados para
hacer esas marcas de escamas
de serpiente... Algunos de ellos ni
se pueden encontrar aqui en el
continente de Midgard.
Se nos acaba el tiempo.
Escucha, puedes confirmar si
se uso veneno para matar a alguien
mezclando una Yellow Gemstone con una Green Potion, y rociando
la solucion en el cuerpo.
Si se uso veneno, la
solucion reaccionara con
el cuerpo. Pero este metodo
no funcionara si ha pasado mucho
tiempo despues del asesinato.
Mejor prueba esto pronto...
Hm. Mejor repaso
los hechos que he aprendido para
poder enfocarme mejor en
esta investigacion. Veamos~
Hace mucho, la serpiente gigante
Jormungand amenazo a la humanidad.
7 guerreros derrotaron a Jormungand, liderados por Tristram III de la familia
Geoborg, pero Jormungand maldijo al linaje Geoborg en su derrota.
Desde entonces, la maldicion mata
al principe primogenito de la
familia Geoborg a temprana edad.
Sin embargo, todos los principes de
esta generacion fueron asesinados.
Segun lo que he
aprendido de ese asesino,
el primer principe murio por la
maldicion, y los otros dos pueden
haber muerto por envenenamiento.
Lo mas probable es que si
se uso veneno, entonces la
persona que lo uso fue un
asesino de fuera del
Reino de Rune-Midgarts. Si,
eso es todo lo que se.
Ahora, esa historiadora Rodafrian
ha estado esperando a que le diga
las letras de esa cancion, pero el Padre Bamph tambien esta esperando
la informacion que aprendi del Gremio de Asesinos. Que deberia hacer?
SEL:Ir con Rodafrian:Ir con el Padre Bamph
Bueno, es mas facil para mi
visitar a Rodafrian ahora.
Ella esta mucho mas cerca que
el Padre Bamph, asi que supongo
que ire a hablar con ella primero.
Bueno, es mas importante
que vaya a ver al Padre Bamph
e investigue los cuerpos de los
principes. Mejor me dirijo a
Prontera de inmediato.
^3355FFEspera un momento!
Ahora mismo llevas
demasiadas cosas contigo.
Por favor regresa despues
de usar el Servicio Kafra
para guardar algunos de tus objetos.
Por favor asegurate de devolver
los libros de la biblioteca al lugar
correcto despues de usarlos.
No tenemos suficiente personal
para organizar todos estos libros...
SEL:Reportar la perdida de los libros:Terminar conversacion
Oh, perdiste algunos libros?
Por favor escribe los titulos de los libros
y paga la multa de 700 zeny.
Despues de eso,
te proporcionaremos
copias de reemplazo.
Ah, aqui tienes.
Por favor toma estas
copias de reemplazo,
e intenta no perderlas
de nuevo. Gracias.
Hmm...
Regresa tan pronto
como puedas con los
700 zeny para pagar la
multa por libros perdidos.
Por favor guarda silencio
dentro de la biblioteca.
Gracias por cooperar.
Ser bibliotecario puede
ser bastante duro. La gente
deja los libros todos
desordenados, pero esperan que esten
organizados. Ooh, los libros
siempre se estan perdiendo tambien...
Cuando tienes
que limpiar sus
desordenes, te das
cuenta de lo descuidada
que puede ser la gente.
Ser bibliotecario puede
ser bastante duro. La gente
deja los libros todos
desordenados, pero esperan que esten
organizados. Ooh, los libros
siempre se estan perdiendo tambien...
Cuando tienes
que limpiar sus
desordenes, te das
cuenta de lo descuidada
que puede ser la gente.
Welcome to Cat Trading.
I guess you're a first-time customer, huh?
For more details about our contract, you need to talk to our staff first.
Cat Trading's available services are as followed.
For additional services, please consult Agent Gyaruk.
SEL:Save your location:Cancel
Actually, residents of this village continued to offer resistance. So I shall save your location at Midgards Allied Forces Post for your safety.
Thank you for using our service.
Cat Trading's available services are as followed.
For additional services, please consult Agent Gyaruk.
SEL:Save your location:Use Storage:Cancel
Actually, residents of this village continued to offer resistance. So I shall save your location at Midgards Allied Forces Post for your safety.
I'm sorry, but you
need the Novice's
Basic Skill Level 6 to
use the Storage Service.
Thank you.
Your storage will be opened shortly.
I'm sorry, but you don't
have enough money?
Cat Trading's storage
service is 60 zeny.
It's cheap, isn't it?
Thank you for using our service.
Cat Trading's available services are as followed.
For additional services, please consult Agent Gyaruk.
SEL:Save your location:Use Storage:Use Cat Warp (Midgard):Cancel
Actually, residents of this village continued to offer resistance. So I shall save your location at Midgards Allied Forces Post for your safety.
I'm sorry, but you
need the Novice's
Basic Skill Level 6 to
use the Storage Service.
Thank you.
Your storage will be opened shortly.
I'm sorry, but you don't
have enough money?
Cat Trading's storage
service is 60 zeny.
It's cheap, isn't it?
The warp service is only
available for customers with
Please remember, you can't come back easily once you move to Midgard.
SEL:Prontera -> 5500z:Cancel
SEL:Alberta -> 5500z:Prontera -> 5500z:Cancel
SEL:Alberta -> 5025z:Prontera -> 5025z:Izlude -> 5025z:Cancel
SEL:Alberta -> 5025z:Prontera -> 5025z:Izlude -> 5025z:Geffen -> 5025z:Cancel
SEL:Alberta -> 4765z:Prontera -> 4765z:Izlude -> 4765z:Geffen -> 4765z:Payon -> 4765z:Cancel
SEL:Alberta -> 4765z:Prontera -> 4765z:Izlude -> 4765z:Geffen -> 4765z:Payon -> 4765z:Morocc -> 4765z:Cancel
SEL:Alberta -> 4590z:Prontera -> 4590z:Izlude -> 4590z:Geffen -> 4590z:Payon -> 4590z:Morocc -> 4590z:Al De Baran -> 4590z:Cancel
I'm sorry, but you're not
eligible to use the warp service.
Please check your points,
and then come back.
Thank you for using our service.
Cat Trading's available services are as followed.
For additional services, please consult Agent Gyaruk.
SEL:Save your location:Use Storage:Use Cat Warp (Midgard):Use Cat Warp (Jottunheim):Cancel
Actually, residents of this village continued to offer resistance. So I shall save your location at Midgards Allied Forces Post for your safety.
I'm sorry, but you
need the Novice's
Basic Skill Level 6 to
use the Storage Service.
Thank you.
Your storage will be opened shortly.
I'm sorry, but you don't
have enough money?
Cat Trading's storage
service is 60 zeny.
It's cheap, isn't it?
The warp service is only
available for customers with
Please remember, you can't come back easily once you move to Midgard.
SEL:Alberta -> 4590z:Prontera -> 4590z:Izlude -> 4590z:Geffen -> 4590z:Payon -> 4590z:Morocc -> 4590z:Al De Baran -> 4590z:Cancel
SEL:Alberta -> 4170z:Prontera -> 4170z:Izlude -> 4170z:Geffen -> 4170z:Payon -> 4170z:Morocc -> 4170z:Al De Baran -> 4170z:Juno -> 4170z:Cancel
SEL:Alberta -> 4025z:Prontera -> 4025z:Izlude -> 4025z:Geffen -> 4025z:Payon -> 4025z:Morocc -> 4025z:Al De Baran -> 4025z:Juno -> 4025z:Einbroch -> 4025z:Cancel
SEL:Alberta -> 3970z:Prontera -> 3970z:Izlude -> 3970z:Geffen -> 3970z:Payon -> 3970z:Morocc -> 3970z:Al De Baran -> 3970z:Juno -> 3970z:Einbroch -> 3970z:Lighthalzen -> 3970z:Cancel
I'm sorry, but you're not
eligible to use the warp service.
Please check your points,
and then come back.
SEL:Alliance Forces Post -> 5500z:Manuk Camp -> 7500z:Cancel
Thank you for using our service.
SEL:Alliance Forces Post -> 5500z:Splendide Camp -> 7500z:Cancel
Thank you for using our service.
Thank you for using our service.
Please give me some Piece of Fish.
Don't play with money.
This rock contains unidentified minerals.
It's not possible to mine more than the limit.
Nothing was caught.
Fish are swimming in the water.
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
Outsider?
Outsiders have been coming more frequently.
It seems like our superiors have permitted your entrance, so I won't stop you either.
My name is Arc.
By the way, hmm... Can you understand what I'm saying?
SEL:Yes.:Shake my head
What? Did you just say 'Yes'?
Can't believe we understand eachother!
When did you learn our language?
What is your race called?
- I show my ring to Arc and explain everything including how I ended up here... -
So...hmm, That's how it is...
The source of that huge shock and mysterious explosion...
Quite an interesting story.
That's why you humans were exploring here and there...
Now I clearly understand that you are not sent by the giants of Manuk.
Thank you for telling me these interesting stories.
Oh? Is that so?
We use different languages as expected...
That's a bit frustrating.
By the way, you...
No, never mind...
What is your name?
Ah, right. " + strcharinfo(0) +"!
That's a strange pronunciation.
I might mispronunce it, so please understand...
Anyways, I have a favor to ask you. Is it okay?
SEL:What favor?:Not now.
Um...Ah..It's...
A little...complicated...
- Arc looks around to check if someone else is around. Satisfied you're alone he continues with his story in a low tone. -
Frankly, I'm worried about a friend of mine who left without permission saying that she's going to check on your camp. She hasn't come back since then.
But, I can't leave this post to look for her 'cause I have a duty to guard the research data stored here.
Since she left without permission, I can't even report to my superiors... that will just end up as a bigger problem.
The thought of it just worries me...
As a matter of fact, we are trying not to have any contact with the giants of Manuk so we stay away from each other's territory.
That camp of yours is located in the area that has been acting as the neutral zone between our two races...
If she has gotten close to their side then she might have gone over to the snow fields...
That will make it even more difficult for us to look for her...
The Manuk giants might misunderstand this as provoking them...Couldn't they?
So...the point is, you want me to look for your friend. Right?
Because you can't do it yourself from all these complicated situations?
Exactly!
You're quite observant.
SEL:Sure, I will do it.:Sorry, can't help you.
But, I'm going to need more information if I'm going to look for her.
You don't have to worry about that...
^4d4dffTerra^000000 has a habit of making a knot out of plants to mark her destination.
She does it so that she won't get lost.
If you find a trail of knotted plants it should lead you to where she is.
It can be hard to look for them, but it's better than doing nothing...
Please, I beg of you.
Ah, and please keep this a secret from the other Laphines.
Remember " + strcharinfo(0) + "... you must keep this to yourself...
Please, find her.
It sure was an unreasonable favor...
You too were sent here to carry on a mission...
That was thoughtless of me...
Is that so? Of course.
You were sent here to carry on your own mission...
^4d4dffTerra^000000 has a habit of making a knot out of plants to mark her destination.
Keep that in mind when searching for her. And don't tell any other Laphine's about her missing.
You " + strcharinfo(0) + " are the only one I could ask for help...
Do me this favor please.
Did you find anything?
Have you found any knotted plants?
Yeah, that's the mark
that Terra leaves.
Keep it up and find her
for me.
Ah, Well met!
What do I do now?!
SEL:What? What happened?
- Arc looks like he was thrown into confusion about something. -
Terra...
Terra came back!!!
but, she was covered all over with wounds...
SEL:Covered with wounds?
She didn't even get treatment!
She just took the Bradium with that exhausted body!
Didn't even tell me the reason!
I told her no, but she wouldn't listen to me!
It happened all of a sudden.
" + strcharinfo(0) + "!
What shoud I do now?
What do I have to do?
Terra left again and she was hurt...
And I just stood here...doing nothing.
SEL:You have a strong sense of responsibility.
......anyways.
I couldn't either stop her, or follow her...
What now...?
Why did she take the Bradium...?
- You tell Arc about the Giant from the cave. -
What? Is that what happened?
Bradium...is certainly a precious ore for Sapha.
They use a refined Bradium ore...
You said that a Sapha was hurt?
And its body was already stiff?
Impossible!
Terra!!
- Arc suddenly began gathering up his gear. -
Where was that cave where you found that Sapha?
There was no such cave when we inspected our surrounding areas.
SEL:What are you trying to do?
Can't you see?
I'm going out to look for Terra. She took the Bradium with her, it has got to be something to do with that Sapha.
SEL:Is it okay for you to leave your post?
It's.. ...
...No....
Shit, then what should I do!!
I will go. I'm the one who knows exactly where that cave is.
I will go and bring her back.
If Terra headed for that cave, I should be able to find her.
Let's hear rest of the story from Terra.
It is important for you to guard this place, isn't it?
If Terra really took the Bradium without any permission...
The higher ups won't just remain still...
I'm sorry to ask you but...
Please go and bring her back here...
I'm really sorry for getting you into this mess.....
...Please, find Terra.
What? A wounded Laphine in the Sapha's village?
Was it Terra?! Was she captured by those Sapha bastards?!
Calm down. I couldn't check out exactly who the captured Laphine was.
And they seem to have no intention of harming the Laphine.
Also, they were looking for something that can cure a wounded Laphine...
If we bring some medicine to them, we might have a chance to see who the Laphine is.
I understand how anxious you feel.. but that is the only way I can think of finding out who it is.
I will take some things to treat the wounds with me and if it turns out that the captured Laphine is Terra, I will bring her back.
OK, that seems like the best thing we can do for this situation...
Do you by any chance know about the 'Yggdrasil'?
There's nothing better than the Yggdrasilberry to treat wounds...
Especially for us Laphine...
If you have a Yggdrasilberry, you can use it to cure that Laphine...
.Yggdrasil is the tree of life... its roots are in touch with everything in this world.
I have...
...only three Yggdrasilberries...
I will give you these but they won't be enough...
Outside... there is a huge tree... where the root of the Yggdrasil is exposed.... it should be there.
Sometimes you can find Yggdrasilberries around there.
Go find few more and bring them with you. Hurry!
There's a huge root of the tree near a swamp at the outskirts of this area.
That's where the tree of life's root is exposed.
You should be able to find some Yggdrasilberries there.
You will need at least 6~7 of them...
.... .. I hope she is safe..
As soon as you are done collecting the berries, bring them to the Sapha Village right away!!!
Terra... please be safe.
...Oh where is Terra...?
" + strcharinfo(0) + "!!
Terra's back!!!
She is back in one piece!
...She hasn't been saying a single word since her return, I told her to rest in Yai...
Please come by if you don't mind...
Terra's Yai.
Which is her Private Residence... It's located at the Southeast direction from here.
I would like to hear a detailed account of what happened.
What happened....while she was gone?
I would like to hear a detailed account fn what happened...
Please go to Terra's Yai later.
I really appreciate what you've done for us.
But, I'm worried about Terra.
I hope she can be her old self...
Ah~Ah~Stop right there...
This area is off-limits to unauthorized personnel.
Yur,Dur AnoVa?
Wha? Dieb OsaDur .. 
ah..RuffThus NeAsh. man nesAsh OdesAlah ?
- I can't understand what he's saying... Oh god how frustrating. -
NeiVil !
narNoth nesMush.
AnuDur AmanDana Goth nar!
- We don't seem to understand eachother. -
Halt.
This area is restricted unless you have been given permission.
Especially to outsiders like you.
Tal-!
AnuDur AmanDana Goth nar!
Agoltas Me...
- Looks like we don't understand each other. This could be troublesome... -
Weeds are easy to find around here...
A closer look reveals that there's one knotted stem...
It looks like this is Terra's trace that Arc told me about.
A knotted leaf is pointing toward the^4d4dff Southern^000000 direction.
This is a marking Terra left to remember the way back home.
A knotted leaf is pointing^4d4dff South^000000.
Weeds are easy to find around here...
There's nothing too special about it.
Weeds are easy to find around here...
A closer look reveals that there's one knotted stem...
It looks like this is Terra's trace that Arc told me about.
A knotted leaf is pointing ^4d4dff East^000000.
Weeds are easy to find around here...
There's nothing too special about it.
Weeds are easy to find around here...
A closer look reveals that there's one knotted stem...
It looks like this is Terra's trace that Arc told me about.
A knotted leaf is pointing ^4d4dff North^000000.
Weeds are easy to find around here...
There's nothing too special about it.
There are footprints here as well as signs that someone has fallen.
It looks like someone was fighting here?
But who?
There are footprints heading ^4d4dffNorth^000000.
Someone must have had a fight here.
There are footprints heading ^4d4dffNorth^000000.
There are footprints here that seem to be leading towards something.
There's evidence that there was a fight here too.
These footsteps can't be a Laphine's...
There are footprints that lead to^4d4dff the Root of a huge tree^000000.
There are footprints that lead to^4d4dff the Root of a huge tree^000000.
There are footprints here that seem to be leading towards something.
There's a stem entangled inside an opening in the roots of a huge tree...
It looks like something slipped here.
A cold breeze is blowing out from deep inside the tree.
SEL:Follow the trace.:Looks dangerous... head back.
You take a one step forward carefully through the muddy roots and slip.
It's too dark to see anything inside...but it feels like there's a big hole at the bottom.
I'd better step back...It looks dangerous.
Between huge roots, there is a hole leads to the underground cave.
SEL:Go inside.:I'm not going in there.
Again, you slip through the muddy roots.
You decide to come back later.
Strange looking stems are entangled inside an opening of huge roots.
Surface looks unstable...I should step away before I slip on it.
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
This is the only spot where sunlight is shining down through a hole in the ceiling.
Looking up I see the roots of the tree and stems digging up a mud-plastered wall, so the sunlight could shine through....2.j...There is a statue of Giant on the ground.
A statue in a place like this...
Interesting.
Hm, This resembles... that giant tribe in Manuk...
Huh? It's wearing a muffler...
...It can't be!
It has a lot of scars on it... as if it had been in a severe fight...
And it appears like it's holding something in its arms...
Just what happened here?
I can't imagine what happened here, but I don't see Terra's marks anymore...
and this cave looks unsafe... I'd better go back to Arc for now.
Could it be... Terra was fighting this Giant?
Anyways... How do I get out of here?
That hole I came in is too slippery to climb back out...
Light is coming in from the ceiling above... Maybe I should just climb a stem around here...
I'm done with this place.
I should go back to Arc...
Let's find an exit.
I came back here, but there's no trace of Terra...
There's only one thing different from the last time..Small particles of an ore are sprinkled around the Sapha's dead body.
So...Terra was here.....
Powdered Bradium...
What was she trying to do with this Sapha?
I can't just go back to Arc without anything... he'd be so disappointed...
Hmm, Should I go to the Sapha's village?
I can't find any traces of Terra anymore.
One thing that bugs me is...These particles of an ore.
I should go back to Arc and ask about it, or go to Sapha's Village and investigate some more.
A giant from the race called Sapha is petrified here.
It looks like it's dead...
I need to bring back some evidence of this giant in the cave.
What should I bring with me?
SEL:Hair:Muffler:Pants:Fragment of Bradium
It won't come off. It's as if it is a tree rooted on a rock.
You carefully strip a worn muffler off of the Sapha's neck.
We will see if this muffler belongs to Ogen or not.
And...what else should I take?
SEL:Hair:Pants:Fragment of Bradium
It won't come off. It's as if it is a tree rooted on a rock.
... I don't want to take off a dead MAN's pants...
You pick up a fragment of Bradium scattered on the ground.
This should be enough.
... I don't want to take off a dead MAN's pants...
You pick up a fragment of Bradium scattered on the ground.
This will prove Terra's effort...
And what else?
SEL:Hair:Muffler:Pants
It won't come off. It's as if it is a tree rooted on a rock.
You carefully strip a worn muffler off of the Sapha's neck.
We will see if this muffler belongs to Ogen or not...
This should be enough.
... I don't want to take off a dead MAN's pants...
Petrified Sapha.
Now I have the muffler, let's go back to Luik and Snorren.
Ogen!!!!!!
...Ogen... Ogen...
....Ogeeen......
SEL:You don't mean..?
This.. is.. worse than I could have imagined.....
Ogen... this doesn't look like it can be reversed...
No matter how much bradium fluid we inject... Ogen can't come back alive...
Ogen... really was adament... about protecting that Laphine... to protect Terra.....
He did his best 'til the last...
Look at this, " + strcharinfo(0) + "...
His petrifyied body...
protected Terra...like this.
Ogen... made himself an unbreakable shield...
Ogen... you can now go back to the bosom of the Motherland...
This statue will be a monument to your courage...
- - I can't begin to describe the sorrow of losing a close friend... -
- All I could do was to keep tapping his shoulder... as he quietly sobbed... -
Let's.. go back...
Ogen wouldn't want you to be so sad and depressed.
I guess you are right...
There's... sunlight shining here...
This... must be a comfort resting place for Ogen.
I should go and tell Luik and the townspeople about this...
I will go on ahead.
- Snorren stood up with a bitter smile...
...I should go back too... I'm worried about Terra. -
Whoa, I almost forgot the ring.
Ogen... was petrified as he covered Terra...
What was going on between them that they would see past their racial differences...?
Before you is a statue made of stone and wood. It's so life-like it's eerie.
The trunk of a Tree moderately stretched upward.
There are big thorns here that should be enough to use as footholds to climb up.
It's the trunk of a Tree stretched out toward a hole in the ceiling.
Big thorns can be used as footholds.
SEL:Climb up.:Never mind.
I'll come back later.
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
By the way, how did that Fairy come this far?
Is she captured?
No, She's not.
That Fairy came here by her own accord.
How impudent. She was horribly wounded when she got here.
(Hmm? a Fairy? Wounded?
Are they talking about Terra..?!)
SEL:Break into their conversation.:Keep quiet and listen.
Excuse me for interrupting your conversation.
You were talking about a Fairy, would you be kind to tell me the details?
Outsider!!
Why is he here?
We weren't saying anything.
There's nothing to tell you.
Lawine, Come with me to the Refinery later.
- The Sapha people are not willing to tell you anything. But the
captured Fairy may be Terra. -
I heard a fairy was crying and begging, she was badly hurt.
No one understand the words of fairy...
In the end we had no idea what to do.
Anyway, that fairy is now in prison.
By the way, pull within feather
Today we have to go to the refinery,
do not forget.
You know, right?
Ahh! A foreign visitor!
Nevermind him, he can not understand our words.
- Fortunately, Sapha had thought I could not understand them,
but they must be talking about Terra... -
- The Sapha are having a conversation and not paying attention to my movements. -
- They are talking mostly about common town matters, not much useful information. -
- I'd better move away from them before they get suspicious of my presence. -
...Outsider?
Do you have a permission to come into our village?
That's right..Do you even understand me?
Das?
idh sd!
Dh apa sd!-is Das idh.
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
By the way, how did that Fairy come this far?
Is she captured?
No, She's not.
That Fairy came here by her own accord.
How impudent. She was horribly wounded when she got here.
(Hmm? a Fairy? Wounded?
Are they talking about Terra..?!)
SEL:Break into their conversation.:Keep quiet and listen.
Excuse me for interrupting your conversation.
You were talking about a Fairy, would you be kind to tell me the details?
Outsider!!
Why is he here?
We weren't saying anything.
There's nothing to tell you.
Lawine, Come with me to the Refinery later.
- The Sapha people are not willing to tell you anything. But the
captured Fairy may be Terra. -
I heard a fairy was crying and begging, she was badly hurt.
No one understand the words of fairy...
In the end we had no idea what to do.
Anyway, that fairy is now in prison.
By the way, pull within feather
Today we have to go to the refinery,
do not forget.
You know, right?
Ahh! A foreign visitor!
Nevermind him, he can not understand our words.
- Fortunately, Sapha had thought I could not understand them,
but they must be talking about Terra... -
- The Sapha are having a conversation and not paying attention to my movements. -
- They are talking mostly about common town matters, not much useful information. -
- I'd better move away from them before they get suspicious of my presence. -
...Outsider, huh...
Since when did we allow outsiders to come and visit?
That's right..Do you even understand me?
...I guess it doesn't matter....
Ah, Do we even understand each other?
Fsd a idh as?
Nsf iu ai sd a sd!
Asd fo sdj fso df.
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
He seems anxious as he wanders back and forth..
Is he the guard of this prison?
.. Argh.. Why not?!
What a blockhead...
Hmm?
Who are you?!
How could an outsider be here...?
SEL:About the Captured Fairy.:What is this place?
How does an outsider like you know that?
And..? What? How can you understand what I'm saying?
Helloo...?
Can you understand the words coming out of my mouth?
- I show the ring to Snorren. -
Aha! Now I understand...
That's amazing. a ring capable of interpreting between different languages... and you were able to come all the way here.
I heard there are outsiders helping our people.
You must be one of them!
But where did you hear about that Fairy?
Frankly, I want to have a word with that Fairy.
But I don't understand their language.
SEL:Why do you want to talk to her?:Do you need an interpreter?
An interpreter? Certainly!
But I can't just do it arbitrarily...
The reason why I want to have a word with that fairy, I mean Laphine...
I... want to find out if she's got anything to do with my friend...
SEL:Your friend?
Yeah. Ogen is missing.
He said he was curious about the area you are living in and went to check it out. How foolish of him.
And he never came back.
After quite a while, that fairy came.
I don't know what guts she had to just fly into our territory.
That fairy just kept on yelling 'a bradium!' 'a bradium!'
Our village's vigilantes are saying that fairy is affected by the power of bradium and went crazy.
That's what Laphine are all like!
They just try to make accesories out of the ore which is our source of life.
They collect anything that possesses magical power.
You should calm down a bit... Tell me about that captured Laphine.
Right, I'm sorry.
Anyways, shortly after Ogen went missing the fairy appears... this is too suspicious...
and that fairy was severely wounded too.
I think...
That fairy attacked Ogen as he was trying to peek on your camp.
And she was drawn by Ogen's bradium and came all the way here to find more bradium!
SEL:That could be right...:I don't see it that way...
But does that Ore called bradium really possess an overwhelming magical power?
It didn't seem like that...
Really? But, we Sapha can't live without bradium.
This war with the Laphine... is to protect the bradium from them...
I see...
Your people and their people are fighting over the bradium...
Is... Is that so?
Then how do you see this situation?
It just occurred to me...
It's like some kind of forbidden area...
Anyhow, You are going to ask that fairy about Ogen, right?
If that's the case, I could interpret between you two...
Yeah?!
Then just wait here for a sec!
I will go and ask Luik about this!
Uh, Ah~!
This is a prison.
You need to obey the rules to keep a peaceful group life.
This is where people who break the rules are kept overnight.
Oh. I'm not one of them.
I just have some business here.
Snorren is a good Sapha.
Umm.. Hold on a sec...
Luik. It's me. Snorren.
Ah, I told you it's not possible Snorren!
I can only put you in a cell for one night!
Yikes-! Luik, It's not that!
I brought someone who would interpret that fairy's words!
till, Can't I come in?
Shut up! Anyway, we have more things to worry about. This Laphine, we need to treat her wounds...
Her body is completely different from ours. What should we do?
Hey, Snorren! Bring me anything. Anything like herbs!
Herbs? Is her condition that bad?
Can't we fix her with bradium?
Oh right, She's not Sapha, ey?
SEL:Nothing gets past you...
Do you have anything on your mind?
She's a Laphine, right? Then we should ask a Laphine about it...
Like what we need to treat her...
I can take care of it.
Really?
Then hurry up and bring something back...
We will wait.
(I think I have no choice but to go back and ask Arc....)
Hurry up and go find a way to cure this Laphine...
Then Luik might let us in.
Did you find a cure?
This.. is one strange looking fruit.
I saw this fruit from time to time, but never thought this would be a cure..?
I will take everything you've brought with you!
Now, Let's go inside!
Hmm...this won't be enough....
I would need at least 6~7 of these...
Is something wrong?
Huh? Ah, I think we would need more than what I've brought here... I'll be back.
I already told Luik everything about you...
Let's go inside.
I've been waiting for you...
Let's make haste.
I'm really confused now...Should I believe your story or not.
If it is true that cave really exists and Ogen is hurt...
The approximate location is...
Huge Roots of a tree. Got it.
You go ahead first. I will stop by at a refinery and be right after you.
Since that place is Laphine's territory, I will go quitely so they won't notice me.
You just go on ahead, I will be right behind you.
You are back. .. Luik wanted me to tell you this...
Terra, that Laphine, is free now.
We are tired of fighting. We didn't even want to start...
And we saw her true intention before everything else.
Go and check if Terra went back to her home safely...
Ogen... He went back to Mother Nature.
I really don't think what Ogen did was the right thing to do...
But that was... Ogen...
Forgive me, I'm a bit depressed...
I'd rather just rest here.
I really appreciate what you've done.
Come back anytime...
Ok?
What do you think of this muffler?
This belonged to Ogen...
Does it look good on me?
Outsiders shouldn't be here without permission.
Please get out of here.
Ids ad?
Ns ai dha si asd!
Ms dfaa sd a.
The doors are locked... I can't get in.
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
She's unconscious.
I can see a bandage to stop the bleeding...
Looks like Luik did it.
Luik and Snorren did everything to extract juice out of a Yggdrasilberry
chopped and stuffed it into a mouth and paste them on the body...
Hmm...
Finally she's coming to.
Ok, "+ strcharinfo(0) + ", it's up to you now.
And you better not fake any of the words she's saying.
- I nod to Luik and began talking to the Laphine. -
- After the Laphine gained her full consciousness, she gazed around and spoke in shaky voice. -
Where... am I?
Oh My! That's right! I need Bradium!
Get me out of here!
If I don't go back to him quickly, he... he is going to die!!
SEL:Who is HE?:Is your name Terra?
A giant... a giant in a cave...
He...He got hurt trying to protect me...
He wouldn't move!
His body was getting cold.
We were each other's enemy......
but he saved me...
I heard they need a bradium to live!
Give me some bradium. Hurry!
I can't be late!
SEL:You are Terra. Right?
How...How do you know my name?
Who are you?
Arc asked me to find you. So I came here.
By the way.. You were saying about a giant, do you mean a Sapha?
The Sapha in the cave...
His body was already petrified when I got there.
Giants.. It is said that the Sapha people are cursed to be petrified.
And that the Bradium is what prevents them from becoming petrified.
So I tried to bring a bradium to him... ...
But he... Sob...
- Terra couldn't continue to talk as she was agonizing in the pain from her wounds. -
Why did she break down like that? What did she say?
Tell me what she said!!!
How...How do you know my name?
Who are you?
I came looking for you on behalf of Arc.
Just how did you end up here?
To find a... Bra.. dium.
That's right. Bradium! Give me a bradium!!
A giant... a giant in a cave...
He...He got hurt trying to protect me...
He wouldn't move!
His body was getting cold.
We were each other's enemy......
but he saved me...
I heard they need a bradium to live!
Give me some bradium. Hurry!
I can't be late!
The Sapha in the cave...
His body was already petrified when I got there.
Giants.. It is said that the Sapha people are cursed to be petrified.
And that the Bradium is what prevents them from becoming petrified.
So I tried to bring a bradium to him... ...
But he... Sob...
- Terra couldn't continue to talk as she was agonizing in the pain from her wounds. -
Why did she break down like that? What did she say?
Tell me what she said!!!
Let that Fairy rest for a while, now tell me what you were talking about.
She's just too exhausted and fell asleep...
Leave her alone.
She can leave any time she likes.
It feels so dry in here.
Oh well, that's normal.
She's unconscious.
I can see a bandage to stop the bleeding...
Looks like Luik did it.
Ier er ee ras d?
Ye ada sd?
Nffd..?
...Riveh...AshIman Or mah...
..ah..Thor..ThorOsa Yee Lu..ung...
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
Here, Luik. He said this is a cure for Laphine.
Should we just let her eat it as it is?
Uh.. and your name was..?
Yeah, Right.
" + strcharinfo(0) + ", you should try talking to that Laphine...
Let's hear her story.
Please help me translater.
We'll be watching as you speak to her.
Right, Luik?
Maybe.
Let's ask her what happened, before it is too late.
Let's listen to her story.
Why don't we start from... Why does she want a bradium?
This part must be told to Luik in exact detail.
What should I do if the Sapha in the Cave is really Ogen...?
Ogen... What should I do if anything happened to him...?
...This Bradium has not been refined properly...
This would be no help...
and, this muffler...
This is Ogen's! Ogen's muffler!
Luik! Ogen! This is Ogen!
Unrefined Bradium!
Lu.. Luik. Ogen.. Ogen...?!
I'm going to Ogen!
Where is that cave?! Where!
SEL:Calm down!
Yeah. Listen to him, calm down. Snorren.
If it is Ogen... We could be able to save him if we make haste.
Snorren. Go to Refinery and get the finest bradium...
Save him.
" + strcharinfo(0) + "...eh?...
Please look after Snorren...and Ogen.
This Laphine, I mean Terra...
She truly wanted to save Ogen...
I will talk to my superiors to try and settle this matter...
Please save Ogen.
You should bring something that can prove it?
... We have been fighting them for so long, it is hard for us to believe you.
...Yes... regardless of anything, just to prove what you say is true.
Hurry up and take the lead!
Which way should we go now?
How did you get in here?!
Get out!
We rs...
F as d dd 
Tb ds dfw we!
Nd fs asd as...!
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
...I really look forward to drawing something useful out of her.
Your interpretion is trustworthy, right?
First of all, Why did that Laphine come here?
Why does she need a bradium?
SEL:To give it to a Sapha in a cave...
Sapha in a cave? What cave?
Nevermind.... Snorren. You must know something about that cave, right?
Wait...
Why would a Laphine give a bradium to our ally?
They fought in the cave and your friend got hurt and began to petrify.
So she came here to get a bradium to try to save his life...
They fought?
Snorren! What's that look on your face?
Spit if out if you have anything to say.
Frankly, Luik. I... told you... Ogen's missing.
Ogen's disappearance and that Laphine's arrival coincide...
And?
Maybe the Sapha that Laphine is talking about is Ogen.
Or do we have any other comrades who go to strange caves?
We don't, because there are no caves like that here.
First, we should find out about the cave they are talking about.
You outsiders are in contact with the Laphine right?
What if this is an evil plot by them?
SEL:That's not true!
And how would you prove it?
We've been fighting them for a long time.
We don't have any reason to trust what you or they are saying.
And talking about some cave that doesn't even exist.
That cave really exists, I swear!
I.. yeah. I saw a petrified Sapha in that cave.
I will bring back something that will make you believe.
I'm not sure if that Sapha is this Ogen you are looking for...
But I'll come back...
Don't you dare...try to do any harm to Terra.
...Anything will do. Try and make me believe you -Outsider- and that Laphine.
We Sapha are not stupid people.
I promise you that we will continue to treat that Laphine as we did so far and will not do any harm to her.
Hence, you just focus on finding a way to make us believe you.
...This Bradium has not been refined properly...
This would be no help...
and, this muffler...
This is Ogen's! Ogen's muffler!
Luik! Ogen! This is Ogen!
Unrefined Bradium!
Lu.. Luik. Ogen.. Ogen...?!
I'm going to Ogen!
Where is that cave?! Where!
SEL:Calm down!
Yeah. Listen to him, calm down. Snorren.
If it is Ogen... We could be able to save him if we make haste.
Snorren. Go to Refinery and get the finest bradium...
Save him.
" + strcharinfo(0) + "...eh?...
Please look after Snorren...and Ogen.
This Laphine, I mean Terra...
She truly wanted to save Ogen...
I will talk to my superiors to try and settle this matter...
Please save Ogen.
You should bring something that can prove it?
... We have been fighting them for so long, it is hard for us to believe you.
...Yes... regardless of anything, just to prove what you say is true.
Please... Help Ogen.
How did you get in here?
You shouldn't be here.
Na w ewe w
Aewrf sd fsd iyu. 
Ou uur?
Looks like Luik is giving me a look of scorn.
There's nothing else.
Only traces of the cage with something confined.
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
I see. That's what happened.
But... That Sapha...What has he become to you in that short period of time?
SEL:Arc?
Ah, finally. I've been speaking with Terra while we waited for you.
Terra. This is who saved you...
Thank you...
I'm sorry Arc... Sorry...
So, this is the story.
Terra was wandering around your Camp and found a Sapha who was also wandering around your Camp at the time.
They were both being cautious not to be seen by you humans but they caught sight of each other and started to fight.
And then they eventually fell into that hole in the swamp and ended up in that cave.
Yeah... We were both unconscious for some time..
And by the time we were able to wake up and see... We were surrounded.
Our main concern was getting out of there...
Even though we couldn't understand each other's language... We made a temporary truce.
And then.....
SEL:So that's what happened.
You were outnumbered and at the last moment Ogen sacrificed himself to protect you.
So... I wanted to help him...
I was just trying to repay him...
Was I wrong...?
Was I thinking wrong?
Repaying one's dept is a good thing.
Especially for a proud Laphine, It sure is.
But Terra...
You've made two big mistakes.
First is, You went away without permission...
And secondly...
You didn't ask for help.
If something like that happened... of course I would help...
I'm sorry Arc... I'm sorry...
I won't act foolish ever again.
Get some rest.
I will put in a good word to the superiors...
And " + strcharinfo(0) + "...
Thank you.
Here, I will give you these to show my appreciation.
It's not much, but you will be able to buy things in Splendide with these.
I'm sorry this is all I can give you for now.
Terra. Get some rest...
Rest easy...
And...
Arc... I will get some rest...
I'm sorry... And. You...
Originally... we Laphine were extremely reluctant to have others in our area.
It might be cramped, but you are always welcome to visit us.
How are you adapting to Splendide?
Terra's still not fully recovered yet, so keep that in mind.
I'm sorry...
My body is not fully recovered yet...
The back of the right ... 
I'm sorry... I'm so sleepy...
...I want to sleep...
HirWosWeh. Yee DiebVilFar U manTalVil.
LarsNeiser...??
VeldTiTal Ko SharDurYur Di ?
ModBurDana...? Mu AnduWehFus Yee OsaLoLars...
eoFusser....
maurNohser Ur...... ThorNuffLars So 
It's locked.
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
There's some kind of fruit lying on the ground.
I see a small berry inside of a big outer shell...
It is a Yggdrasil!
I've already pulled out a Yggdradsil... but is there anyting else..?
I've been bitten by an unknown insect.
It hurts!
I found an apple.
There's nothing else.
There's only an empty shell left.
A huge fruit is here.
I don't know what kind of fruit it is.
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
There's some kind of fruit lying on the ground.
I see a small berry inside of a big outer shell...
It is a Yggdrasil!
I've already pulled out a Yggdradsil... but is there anyting else..?
I've been bitten by an unknown insect.
It hurts!
I found an apple.
There's nothing else.
There's only an empty shell left.
A huge fruit is here.
I don't know what kind of fruit it is.
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
There's some kind of fruit lying on the ground.
I see a small berry inside of a big outer shell...
It is a Yggdrasil!
Arc gave me three Yggdrasilberries and...
I've found... three. Six of them should be enough.
Let's go back to Snorren.
I've already pulled out a Yggdradsil... but is there anyting else..?
I've been bitten by an unknown insect.
It hurts!
I found an apple.
There's nothing else.
There's only an empty shell left.
A huge fruit is here.
I don't know what kind of fruit it is.
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
Hello.
You're a human right?
My name is Strom.
But, you guys seem so weak.
You don't have solid skin nor enough power.
How did you guys get here?
Your language seems gentle, but it seems like you are here to create more tension.
SEL:Keep the peace.:...
Yes, we humans are smaller than you... but...
we have been training ourselves to be strong.
Now let me show you that
we can match your strength!
Anyway...
Some bad things happened to my one of my colleagues in that cave you found recently.
There're monsters called ^4d4dffRata^000000 and ^4d4dffDueyrr^000000.
If you terminate them, I would regard you as a decent and strong person.
...is that it?
Let me think.
Since you have so much confidence in their abilities...
I will find you a worthy challenge to prove it.
Yes, but human beings can be stronger when they all work together.
Sure enough... I, the Sapha Galtun, Strom, apologize to you. I should not have been so quick to despise you.
I admit that you are a brave soldier, please feel free to visit Manuk.
Although I don't have much to offer, please accept these coins.
If you need to buy something, you can use them.
If you want to show you're so strong...
Please find and defeat the Rata and Duneyrr in the cave.
Here icy climate is not suitable for biological survival, but we do not feel cold,
so we're not very concerned about it.
But... you're different.
In such cold weather, you are best to don Hillslions fur...
Arpe? Yu osp sad?
EW pisdn psa?
We psis?
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
Thank you for collecting the Enriched Bradium for me, it was very helpful.
We've got more than enough for now though.
Thank you for collecting the Enriched Bradium for me, it was very helpful.
I hope you can help me again.
Oh, that will do very well.
On behalf of the Sapha, I extend our thanks to you.
I hope you can help us again.
What's up?
You're not prepared yet.
Hello.
This is where we refine stones.
SEL:About collecting stones.:About the usage of stones.
To prevent our bodies from becoming numb, we need Bradium.
From the Bradium we can extract a special element that we need to survive.
The mining industry is primary here since our lives depend on it.
But the mine has become clogged.
I've already heard that you guys are good soldiers.
Would you mind terminating the Bradium Golem, and bringing back some Bradium for me?
SEL:Sure, I don't mind.:Nope, I can't.
Then take this mission.
Please hunt Bradium Golem and bring me 20 blended Bradium.
Oh, this is our fate.
How could I be so naive to depend on others?
We refine Bradium and extract special things from it.
Then form that into an injection.
When it is refined it is used to maintain our body cycles.
That's why we are quite advanced in this industry.
Other industries are also well developed... but...
This is our top priority because it is crucial for our survival.
Aweo wpe?
Sdd psiem!
Awq ouwn ksudh bud ds.
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
Thank you for collecting those items for me.
That should be sufficient for the time being.
Thank you for collecting those items for me.
Hopefully you can help us again.
Oh, fantastic.
These are enough materials for today.
I'll let you know if I need more.
What can I help you with?
Not yet done with my request?
What's up??
I need to make more decorations for the Yai.
SEL:May I help you?:What's a Yai?
You want to help?
This place is being used for battle but it is also our home.
We prefer to be alone so we must each have our own Yai.
Though we are in a military base we should take care of each Yai.
I am not a soldier but we hope all of us to be as confident as they are.
I would like to support all Laphine with my skills.
So I want to help make decorations for everyone's Yai.
I need more materials to make them.
I heard that a water ghost has been appearing in the cave.
Can you bring me 15 Crystallized Teardrop and 15 Fluorescent Liquid?
SEL:Yes.:Sorry.
Please take my request.
Can you bring me 15 Crystallized Teardrop and 15 Fluorescent Liquid?
Yes, I'm sure that you have your own business to attend to.
I feel embarrassed asking a favor from you, as a Laphine.
But, why are you trying to be involved in our business yet you won't take up our request?
Yai...
All grown Laphine have one.
They're essential for all Laphine to live in since we are very private people.
SEL:It's a house...?
Yes...
That's it. We sometimes invite our friends or guests to our Yai.
And decorations for Yai are quite important to us...
We Laphine care about ourselves and our Yai as well.
We are far away from our hometown now...
If we don't have this kind of hobby, there's nothing to enjoy here.
Hm? Oh, can't you see I'm busy?
I'm making ornaments though, if you must know.
Yur,Dur AnoVa?
Wha? Dieb OsaDur .. 
ah..RuffThus NeAsh. man nesAsh OdesAlah ?
Wait a moment!!
You have too many items.
You can't receive this.
Lighten your weight and
try again.
Why isn't it working, Taab?
That should be working.
That's very dangerous. Do you want to die..?!
Are you ignoring cute pets??
We've been able to get Pickys and even Zealotus!
No way, even if you ask me...
Hillslion is very adorable...
But you can't.
Then let me know why you object to this.
It's too dangerous. I've trained monsters before.
Hillslions look cute and adorable, but it's not very realistic.
Can't you see that?
I've tried to train them... but I couldn't.
How can we can train them as a cute pet...?
It would definitely try to escape from us...
Then he would become very awful.
I don't agree with this.
Nah...
Can't we control them with magical power?
We've done it before......
- They just continue to argue -
Ah, Taab isn't flexible at all.
Hey there! What's up??
SEL:Notice for criminal report:Cute pet investigation.
Have you hunted the Runaway Dandelion?
Ok, I accept you.
Here's something Rin was storing here.
This is Rin's cherished treasure box...
This is enough payment, right?
I know you haven't terminated the Runaway Dandelion yet.
Don't take me for a fool.
I will forward everything to Rin.
She'll love it.
Just tell her your name " + strcharinfo(0) + ".
I can remember that I've heard about you from Rin.
But Rin likes you, so that must mean that you're nice.
Seaching for a criminal?
I'm not sure that you're involved in it.
Oh! Nice!
I can go through this study deeper with your assistance.
I will try to make these Dragon eggs into cute pets.
Don't expect much!
Come back after a day to check on the progress.
Draco was being kept in the nest just before hatching. Please collect 10 Dragon eggs for me.
You know, those are hard to hatch in captivity.
Those eggs are about to hatch now.
I will investigate those back home.
For now I still need more time.
Can you come back here tomorrow?
Do you want to help me gather more Dragon eggs today?
I want to try many things with those eggs.
SEL:Sure.:Sorry, I can't.
Please collect 10 Draco Eggs.
Ok. You have your own business here.
Go ahead.
I am investigating cute pets.
Ash-vacuum has several monsters that I think could become cute pets.
The objective is one Dragon egg!
Can you bring me a Dragon Egg?
SEL:Yes.:Nope.
There would be Dragon nest in the cave you found out.
There should be nice Dragon Eggs.
Please collect 10 Draco Eggs.
Let's work together to make them as pets.
I know it's not the easiest task.
But I refuse to give up.
I will make it into a cute pet someday.
Would you just give up making exogamous beings into cute pets...
Taab doesn't have any guts!
Wanted: Dandelion
Requester: Rin
Reward : treasure box.
Notice : We thought that all of the Dandelion gang were terminated.
But they weren't.
I've heard that there was a Dandelion's black clothing found in Ash-Vacuum.
There were some problems...
I need someone to find the Dandelion and terminate them.
I can provide a treasure box that I cherish.
I've heard a rumor that he's in a cave somewhere..!
PS> They have a bad reputation...
So you may not want to go alone...
PSS> I can't reward you directly...
'Pinedel' will reward you once the deed is done..!
Do you accept Rin's request?
SEL:I accept that request.:No, I can't.
I accepted Rin's request.
No, I won't get involved in it.
I've already decided to take the request.
There must be someone who remove the wanted notice paper.
- You're carrying too many items. -
We just got fresh eggs from the dragon nest.
- You're carrying too many items. -
We just got fresh eggs from the dragon nest.
- You're carrying too many items. -
We just got fresh eggs from the dragon nest.
It looks like you're carrying too many things.
Why not put some of your items in storage and come back?
Do you know about the Ring of the Ancient Wise King? If you wear that Ring, you can talk to animals.
I don't know if it is a legend based on truth or not... but something like that would come in pretty handy.
Outside of the Expedition Camp, There's a race of animals which uses a mysterious language not used in Midgard.
We don't know if they are friend or foe, but it will be much easier for our research here if we could find out.
So, the Triple Alliance Research Group is working together to find out. I would like to know how far the ^0000ff Arunafeltz Linguist^000000's decoding process is. Would you go and find out for me?
The ^0000ff Arunafeltz Linguist^000000 should be on the second floor of the Alliance Headquarters.
Outside of the Expedition Camp, There's a race who uses a mysterious language which is not used in Midgard
We don't know if they are friend or foe, one thing for sure is it will be more easier for our research here.
So, the Triple Alliance Research Group is working together to find out. I would like to know how far the ^0000ff Arunafeltz Linguist^000000's decoding process is. Would you go and find out for me?
Go to a big building in center of the Expedition Camp and inside that building, meet ^0000ff Arunafeltz Linguist^000000 and ask him how far his progress is.
The ^0000ff Arunafeltz Linguist^000000 should be on the second floor of the Alliance Headquarters.
- He's making a grim face at a flooding pile of research documents. -
Ah, You are here.
t seems like you've done much for us. I thank you for that.
But...Sigh...
Can you see this? The amount of these research documents?
It is a good thing that we finally decoded the other world's language... it's just too much.
We can't always accompany a Linguist for an interpretion... We need to communicate with those other world races in order to explore this world...
To store this amount of information will need a super computer the size of this headquarter building and its processing speed will be very very slow.
Sigh... Anyways, If there's any way to store an enormous amount of data, I should be able to make a very-small portable translator.
I heard that by using a Magical Spell of Rune-Midgarts, you can transpose data to a magical power and lock it into a gem... I'd like some suggestions from the Rune-Midgarts Magician.
Would you be kind to ask them for help?
While you are gone, I be here organizing these documents.
To store this amount of information will need a super computer with a size of this headquarter building. and its processing speed will be very very slow...
Sigh... Anyways, If there's any way to store an enormous amount of data, I could be able to make a very-small portable translator.
I heard that by using the Magical Spell of Rune-Midgarts, you could transpose a data to a magical power and lock it into a gem....I'd like to get some suggestion from the Magician of Rune-Midgarts.
Would you be kind to ask them for help?
While you are gone, I be here organizing these documents.
How'd it go?
SEL:Give him the Gem.
Ah, Looks like you've succeeded.
Inputting data into a gem with a magical power... It's something you can't do with a technology... It's a bit resentful to admit, but it's magnificent.
Well then, I should be working on making a machine to read the magical data in this Gem so we could use them right away.
Hmm...
Fortunately, It won't be as hard as we thought.
If we transform a magical power wave to an eletric signal and connect it to a human body, then transmit a data to a brain directly. That will allow us to receive and understand a data without any loading process.
I don't have time to explain everything. I have to start the work right away.
With all preperation done, allow me about one hour to finish this thing.
Sigh, What should I do now?!
- Dorance is walking here and there -
- in a dither. -
Is something wrong?!
What should I do?! Ain't I REALLY a genius?!
I've made it!!!
Convenient portable size!
Fashionable and practical design!
Features the Other World's Words / Idiom / Grammer / Phrases!!
Have you experienced the loading speed?
Don't you even mention it if you haven't.
That's not all!
For the Well-Being life, it will buff your strength and intelligence!!!!
With all these marvelous features, it's just 39,900 zeny....!!!
...Just what are you trying to imitate...
Important thing is, I've made it!!
Well, Seeing is believing.
Take a look.
- He handed over the small ring. -
The name is 'the Ring of Wise King'. I designed it after the Ring used by ancient king to communicate with animals.
Do not just look at it like any other rings. You see this small gem here? This socket which holds a gem and a ring part are precisely crafted, it will transform a magical power wave to electric signal and trasmit it directly to our brain.
Since this electric signal is same as the signal used by our body's nerve system, it will enable us to understand and use the language fluently.
Once this translator gets popularized, it'd be just a matter of time for us to advance into the other world. Well, the problem is...we don't have enough quantity yet...
Hmm...
Anyways, now we've got the idea, I will give you this first piece of work.
Thank you for helping us out.
I hope this ring would be a big help for your journey through the other world.
- He has scattered mechanical parts -
- all over the room and so wrapped up -
- in his work -
- I might get bitten if I bother him -
- Let's leave him alone -
Thank you for your help.
I hope this ring would be a big help for your journey through the other world.
Do you know about the Ring of Ancient Wise King? If you wear that Ring, you could talk to an animal.
I don't know if it is a legend based on a truth or not... something like that will come in handy.
By the way, Who are you? This building is under Commander's control. This place is not to be entered freely... Are you acquainted with our Commander?
Are you looking for something to do? Perhaps I could use some help... Well, I don't know if you are trustworthy just yet.
If you are good enough to solve some problems within the expedition camp, and carry out a mission given by Commander... then I think I could trust you.
Language distinguishes humans from animals. Every single intellectual life form has their own language.
Language is a method / system which delievers one's feeling or thinking by voice or letters. Anyway, its purpose is to communicate.
Difference between a language and a sound is that language is a socially implied promise by making common system of communication to make it possible to understand eachother.
That Socially implied promise, if we could grasp the meaning of a system and structure, we will be able to understand other intellectual life form's language...
...................................And just who might you be?
This is a restricted place under control of our Commander. No one could enter here without proper approval... Are you acquainted with our Commander?
Language is a distinctive feature of human race compared to animals. Every single intellectual life form has their own language.
Language is a method / system which delievers one's feeling or thinking by voice or letters. Anyway, its purpose is to communicate.
Difference between a language and a sound is that language is a socially implied promise by making common system of communication to make it possible to understand eachother.
That Socially implied promise, if we could grasp the meaning of a system and structure, we will be able to understand other intellectual life form's language...
...................................And just who might you be?
SEL:I am Me!:I don't have a name to tell you!
What the heck?
If you are so bored, why don't you go fishing?
Ah~ I've heard from our Commander about you. You've done much for the Midgard Alliance Camp. Anyways, what brings you here?
SEL:I thought I had confused you a bit...:What were you doing?
Confusion is a feeling that comes from distraction of one's mind when something that couldn't be predicted happens. I'm not a person who easily gets confused.
I'm a linguist from Arunafeltz. I'm a scholor who studies a system and a structure of every kinds of language in the world.
And...don't you think the reason man like me is here is that there's a predictable cause?
From what I heard, you've done much for the Midgard Alliance Research Group.
And while you were helping us, I believe you've seen and visited many places here in the other world.
Have you met the other world's people by any chance?
Looks like you haven't encountered them yet.
Rumor here says that there's a fairy-looking and a giant wood people living out in the fields next to our camp here.
Apparently these people are speaking in a strange languages that we humans can't understand...but no one seems to be able to remember how their languages sound like.
A NEW language!! This is an exciting discovery for a linguist like myself, but as you know, there's dangerous monsters outside... It's not possible for a mere scholor to go out wandering around.
I've said this much, I think you'd be able to guess what I'm going to ask you to do.
The Alliance Research Group has great interest in other intelligent life. Each country's secret agents are making every effort to communicate with those two races, there's just not enough information.
Do me a favor and go outside of the camp, find the fairies and wooden giants, and remember everything that they are saying, word for word so that I can hear what their language sounds like.
From the look on your face, I think you have something crossed in your mind.
Rumor here says that there's a fairy-looking and a giant wood people living out in the fields next to our camp here.
Apparently these people are speaking in a strange languages that we humans can't understand...but no one seems to be able to remember how their languages sound like.
A NEW language!! This is an exciting discovery for a linguist like myself, but as you know, there's dangerous monsters outside... It's not possible for a mere scholor to go out wandering around.
I've said this much, I think you'd be able to guess what I'm going to ask you to do.
The Alliance Research Group has great interest in other intelligent life. Each country's secret agents are making every effort to communicate with those two races, there's just not enough information.
Do me a favor and go outside of the camp, find the fairies and wooden giants, and remember everything that they are saying, word for word so that I can hear what their language sounds like.
You are back!
So, What were they saying?
Of course you remember them exactly as what they've said, right?
Now, let's start with the Fairies! What is the fairy's language like? Please write them down here sentence by sentence!
"+ .@input$ +"....
And?
"+ .@input$ +"....
Mmm... Hmm...?
"+ .@input$ +"....
And?
"+ .@input$ +"....
I see...?
"+ .@input$ +"....
Is that all?
"+ .@input$ +"....
Is that all?
So...If we put'em together,
RLGHLRXLA TKANTLFDMS
WJACK TNAHRDNJSDMFH
WLSGHKWND !!
It'd be like this.
Hmm...?
You sure this is exactly what they've said?
I can't understand anything from this...
Would you please go back again and check if it is exactly what they were saying?
Good. then next is the Wooden Giants! What's their language like? Write them down sentence by sentence just as you did with the Fairy's.
"+ .@input$ +"....
And?
"+ .@input$ +"....
And?
"+ .@input$ +"....
And?
"+ .@input$ +"....
And?
"+ .@input$ +"....
This is it?
"+ .@input$ +"....
Is that all?
So, If we put'em together,
TJDTMFJDNS CJFDI
TKADLFDMF QKATOS
EKDTLSDML DLFMADMS..
It will be like this.
Hmm...?
You sure this is exactly what they've said?
Hmm...I don't get the idea...
Would you please go back again and check if it is exactly what they were saying?
.Hmm....Hm..I see...
....Ummmm...
- Dictionary stared at the paper intently. -
According to the Expedition Camp's investigation, there is a different ethnic race that is similar to fairy's, along with a different ethnic race that is similar to giants.
It is said that they are using a language that cannot be understood by people from Midgard... ...Although we all say this, nobody is able to remember their conversation / words.
A New language!!! As a linguist, I cannot sit here. But outside, there are many different monsters, as a scholar, it is too dangerous to go outside.
and as our conversation has reached this point, you should have an idea of my request, right?
The Tripple Alliance Research Group is very interested in other intelligent life. In order to try and talk to them, national officials have carried out secret effort in every possible way. However, because of lacking information, they are facing difficulties.
If you've encountered those races around the Expedition Camp, you must memorize their conversation! Then report back to me!
- Dictionary stared at the paper intently. -
SEL:He looks serious, Let's leave him alone:Talk to him
Ahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!
SEL:Have you figured something out?
I....CAN'T! UNDERSTAND IT!!!
Whaaaat~~iiis~~ thiiis~~~ Just how do you read thisssssss~~~ I can't understand a single rule in this~~~~ Huh?
Hmph!
Yes?
SEL:He looks serious. Let's leave him alone.:Ask him what's going on.
...................Hmph...
Ah! Well, It's not as easy as I thought. These languages can't be heard anywhere on the Midgard Continent. No known phonetic rules seem to apply here.
It's hard to grasp their rule or system, and before everything else, I don't even know if this pronounciation is right. I've never heard of this kind of pronounciation.
Ah, right, I heard that a ^0000ffRune-Midgarts Magician^000000 knows a way to conduct research based on a sample of language, would you go and ask him to help me?
The ^0000ffRune-Midgarts Magician^000000 is wandering inside of the Expedition Camp.
It's difficult to continue on a research without some more samples of language. Please do my favor.
I heard that ^0000ffRune-Midgarts Magician^000000 knows a way to conduct a research from a sample of language, would you go see him and ask him to help me?
The ^0000ff Rune-Midgarts Magician^000000 is wandering inside of the Expedition Camp.
It's difficult to continue this research without some more samples of language. Please do my favor.
- The Linguist is writing on a paper as if he's obsessed by something -
...Oh, Hello there.
I heard that you brought us a Gem with the other world's language recorded within it. Thanks to your help, decoding process is going well.
Actually, it's going TOO well...
It's a wonder that at the moment when I heard that language first-hand I could decode it flawlessly in spite of myself. It must be the blessing of Goddess Freya.
But the problem is...
How are we going to put together this tremendous data and make it into a portable translator... I just can't figure out how.
I wonder what the Mechanic Engineer from the Schwarzwald Republic would think... Would you be kind to go ask him?
Just how are we going to put together these tremendous data and make it into a portable translator...I just can't figure out how.
I wonder what the Mechanic Engineer from the Republic of Schwarzwald would think...Would you be kind to go ask him?
So, Finally we were able to make a translator!
How is it working? Isn't there any problem with it?
I hope this translator would help you with your journey.
However, Although using a translator is important, the basics of language and communication is that you should try to understand others.
You should not just rely everything on a mere machine...don't forget to be understanding. Enjoy your journey in the otherworld with that translator.
So, Finally we were able to make a translator!
How is it working? Isn't there any problem with it?
I hope this translator would help you with your journey.
However, Although using a translator is important, the basics of language and communication is that you should try to understand others.
You should not just rely everything on a mere machine...don't forget to be understanding. Enjoy your journey in the otherworld with that translator.
To store a tremendous amount of information, well, it's impossible with existing technology.
Ancient Rune-Midgarts Kingdom used a some kind of magic onto a magical gem to store large information...Using a gem as a storage...
Oh, pardon me, you have such a comfortable atmosphere and I involuntarily spoke to you. Who might you be?
To store a tremendous amount of information, well, it's impossible with existing technology.
The Ancient Rune-Midgarts Kingdom used some kind of magic on a magical gem to store large amounts of information... Using a gem as storage...
Oh, pardon me, you have such a comfortable atmosphere and I involuntarily spoke to you. Who might you be?
SEL:Uh, Mr. Dictionary sent...
Oh? You mean that Linguist from the Arunafeltz. And that means we need a Recorded Language Sample.
Hmmm... Actually, I've buried magical gems which records sound waves with its magical power, near their territory...to gather information about their language.
But, Assassins who were in charge of burying those gems... They are working on some other mission, so they can't go and retrieve those gems.
Without someone do us a favor and retrieve those gems, there's no way I could give you the sample.
SEL:Then should I come back later?:What if I go and retrieve them?
.............Sure, you could wait for 100 years...
What?
Ah, No, No, It's nothing.
If you could do that, it will save us whole lot of time and that'd be good for us! Wouldn't it? Don't you think so?
I belive you've met those two alien races out there?
Assassins buried Magical Gems near their villages without them noticing.
First Gem is buried under the Mushroom-like structure near Fairy's village.
And the Second Gem is buried under the tree near Giant's village.
Bring back those two gems and that would help me greatly.
Well, I can't force you to do it if you are too busy with other matters...
There's an old saying, The one who's thirsty will dig for a well...
I almost forgot! You should be careful when you dig for the Gem.
Assassins installed a trap to protect Gems as they bury them.
Wow, You are back already!
Well then, let me see them!
- As you handed over the Gem, -
- he examined it throughly-
Hmm...
There's lots of noises caught in, but I think I could extract a voice in no time.
I will extract a voice recorded in this gem and send them to the Linguist from Arunafeltz.
It looks like there's many kind of convenient machines. Voices I've extracted can be sent directly to the Linguist from Arunafeltz by using this recording machine.
So I will be ok by on my own. Thank you for your trouble.
Ah, that was quick.
Please give meh the gem. I will extract the voice record inside the gem, then give it to the Linguist from Arunafeltz.
...... But.... where's the gem?
First Gem is buried under the Mushroom-like structure near Fairy's village.
And the Second Gem is buried under the tree near Giant's village.
Bring back those two gems and that would help me greatly.
Well, I can't force you to do it if you are too busy with other matters...
There's an old saying, The one who's thirsty will dig for a well...
I almost forgot! You should be careful when you dig for the Gem.
Assassins installed a trap to protect Gems as they bury them.
Well, if you are not busy at the time, please go check how's the Linguist from Arunafeltz's research is coming up.
I should be working on extracting voice data and send them to the Linguist from Arunafeltz.
Hmm...There's more data than we thought...
Of course it is a piece of cake to turn data into magical power and put'em into a gem...Most important thing is, I don't know if there's a jewl that has enough storage space to store that much of data...
I heard that cold side of a field outside of the Expedition Camp, ^0000ff Mysterious Ore that can't be found in the Midgard.
Only if we could find that ore, it would make this work much easier... What do you think about that? Do you think you could go and find one for me?
While you are gone, I will organize the data to put into the Gem.
Oh! Is this that ore?
This sure is interesting. It has not been refined yet, but I can sense mysterious power from this ore.
It's something like... the special wave with a life force.
Let's test and see see how much magical power it could store.
- He closed his eyes and chanted a spell -
- with the ore on his hand. -
Lumos Nox Densaugeo Dissendium Diffindo Engorgio Mobiliarbus Expecto patronum!!!!
Wow!!! Th, This is unbelievable!
An ore with this much storage space, only a size of fingernail could store both of two languages!
Could you wait for a minute?
Take some rest while I craft this ore into a gem and put the magical data into it. You look exhausted...
I heard that the cold side of the field outside of the Expedition Camp has a Unidentified Mineral that can't be found in Midgard.
Only if we could find that ore, it would make this work much easier... What do you think about that? Do you think you could go and find one for me?
While you are gone, I will organize the data to put into the Gem.
- His face turned a bit pale, -
- He looked pleased as he saw you -
Ah! Just in time!
I've just finished infusing the magical power.
From now on, it's up to the Mechanic Engineer from Schwarzwald to combined this gem with a machine to make it work as a real-time translator.
I will ask you one last favor.
Please deliver this crafted gem to the Mechanic Engineer from Schwarzwald.
I'm really sorry to ask you so many favors..., Ah...I've used up too much magical power...I should rest for a while.
- ^0000ff Received the Crafted Gem ^000000 -
- ^0000ff from Whisper !!^000000 -
Could you wait for a minute?
Take some rest while I craft this ore into a gem and put the magical data into it. You look exhausted...
Please deliver this crafted gem to the Mechanic Engineer from Schwarzwald.
I'm really sorry to ask you so many favors..., Ah...I've used up too much magical power...I should rest for a while.
- He looks so sleepy and said -
- as he rubbing his closing eyes. -
How's the translator making process going?
I've just received a message that the translator is finished!
We are short on the amount just yet, still it will make our advance to the other world easier!
I've just received a message that the translator is finished!
We are short on the amount just yet, still it will make our advance to the other world easier!
- Under a round pile of earth, -
- there's a "+ .@color$ +" Gem -
- half-buried. -
Sorry, your inventory is full!
- Under a round pile of earth, -
- there's a "+ .@color$ +" Gem -
- half-buried. -
SEL:Dig out the Gem:Leave it alone
- You overspread some earth over the Gem -
- and left the Gem as it was. -
...What the heck am I doing now...
- You dug up a pile of earth -
- and pulled out the "+ .@color$ +" Gem -
- As you dug up a pile of earth, -
- a Thief Bug attacks you! -
What the heck is this?!?!?!
- Small pile of earth -
- which you dug up the "+ .@color$ +" Gem -
- Small pile of earth -
- which you dug up the "+ .@color$ +" Gem -
First, you must confirm that you are my master.
Cancelled
Try again.
I'm the NPC who gives the Episode 13.2 Translator Quest's Linked-Quest Items.
What would you like to do?
SEL:Receive EP13.1 Quest:Receive Quest Window - Meeting with Fairy and Giant
Episode 13.1 - The Report Quest Reward Item Received.
Currently the Report Quest's Set Item is "+ep13_1_edq+".
Do you want to proceed?
SEL:No:Yes
Cancelled
Episode 13.1 - The Report Quest Reward Item Received.
Episode 13.1 - Receiving the Quest window - Meeting with Fairy and Giant.
Do you want to proceed?
SEL:No:Yes
Cancelled
Episode 13.1 - The Report Quest Reward Item Received.
Recently, it seems like my skin is becoming really dry.
I don't know if it's caused by the cold weather or our chronic disease getting worse.
It hasn't been too long since we administered the Bradium, so why.
Huu... You see, we are afraid of such things... What a hard life.
SEL:A chronic disease?:Bradium?
We Sapha, who are descendants of Hwergelmir, survived and rebuilt the Giant tribe in the flood of the blood of Ymir.
For no apparent reason, we developed a chronic disease that makes our bodies dry and harden over time just like an old tree.
I think that this is the curse of Ymir who bled by the gods?
But we couldn't just wait for death to slowly creep up on us and exterminate our entire race.
To heal this rare disease the smartest Sapha studied and studied.
What they found was that by injecting a refined Bradium, which is buried around Jotunheim, it can postpone the progression of the disease.
So all of the giants of Sapha established their towns around mines to get Bradium easier.
It seems the amount of buried Bradium is enough.
But for the eternal prosperity of our tribe, and to make the vaccine for this incurable disease, we have to study more and more.
Bradium is the stem of our life.
But the buried Bradium will be exhausted someday, so we Scientists have to find an alternative for our descendants.
Recently, we've learned that there are various minerals in the human world Midgard.
Now the world called Midgard is
like a holy place for us,
which can bring the wind of
revolution for us.
Contact with Midgard
must be the lead of Hwergelmir
for us, the Sapha which has such
a closed-off society.
I'll draw a result that can
satisfy his lead!
It looks like you're carrying too many things.
Why not put some of your items in storage and come back?
The future of the Sapha is up to you.
I do not have any need of your help right now.
Recently, someone who came from Schwarzwald gave me a small mineral as a gift from his home town when he saw our study of Bradium.
I can't say for sure until now,
but this mineral seems to have
many interesting features.
As I examine this mineral
more and more, it's really
different from the one in Jotunheim.
This mineral must be helpful
to make a new vaccine!
But the amount of the mineral
is too little to make a
preparation for the
examination.
You said you're from Midgard, right? Do you think you can bring me a little bit more of that mineral..
He said it's from
^FF0000"+.@rand_dayq$[0]+"^000000.
I think ^FF0000"+.@rand_dayq$[1]+"^000000 would be enough.
I'll give you this portable toolbox.
Things like a detector and a little hammer for mining minerals are included in this toolbox.
Take it, it shold be
helpful in collecting
the minerals I need.
Oh! Yes, that's it!
This much will be enough!
I really appreciate your help.
These are coins of the Manuk.
This may not be much, but if you collect more, they can be used to buy some items from our merchants.
If you want to help my study for the sake of the Sapha, come to me at any time.
I will be very happy for any help you can give.
The future of the Sapha is up to you.
I wish you good luck.
Hmm...
Pdh doud pjfdd
fo pdi Wrdpp doff
WosNuffremu Ha TurAshTi
SeGothShar An AshDur
UorVeLars No Ador
- Just arrived at "+.@str$+". I think I can find the mineral by using the Mineral Detector in the Portable Toolbox. -
SEL:Check current location.:Do nothing.
- You pressed the button of the detector. -
Bee beep -
- Nothing's found. -
- You decide to do nothing. -
- I can see some different colored minerals where the detector pointed to. This must be the mineral that Mr. Lifeguard told me about. -
SEL:Mine minerals.:Do nothing.
Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!
- You failed to mine minerals. -
- You succeeded to mine minerals. -
- You decide to do nothing. -
- I think I have enough minerals. -
- I can see some different colored minerals where the detector pointed to. This must be the mineral that Mr. Lifeguard told me about. -
SEL:Mine minerals.:Do nothing.
Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!
- You failed to mine minerals. -
- You succeeded to mine minerals. -
- You decide to do nothing. -
- I think I have enough minerals. -
- I can see some different colored minerals where the detector pointed to. This must be the mineral that Mr. Lifeguard told me about. -
SEL:Mine minerals.:Do nothing.
Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!
- You failed to mine minerals. -
- You succeeded to mine minerals. -
- You decide to do nothing. -
- I think I have enough minerals. -
It looks like you're carrying too many things.
Why not put some of your items in storage and come back?
I've heard that some strangers from Midgard are around here, it must be you.
I'm Grenouille, a scientist.
It's been a long time since
the Laphine built the Splendide camp here
and confronted each other.
A number of soldiers who
left their hometown Alfheim are
restraining them with fighting against
the harsh cold of Jotunheim
for the holy duty and the faith to
stop the evil attempts to
sickening Yggdrasil.
They're well trained soldiers,
and their captains hold them in high esteem,
so they're enjoying a
comfortable life there.
But there's a saying that
constant dripping water
wears away the stone.
Continuous small battles without big progression
makes the soldiers in Splendide exhausted.
One day, someone began to sing
a song of Alfheim, that spread rapidly...
Now they strongly
miss their hometown.
I was so worried about them and
I finally found a way to
save them from the deep sadness.
I hope you to help me to do that.
There's a Laphine General
who is called Flowery,
in Splendide.
She is a collecting maniac,
so her house is always
in a mess with miscellaneous
things. Flowery must have
seeds from the flowers
of Alfheim.
I'll make the flower of
Alfheim open with the seed.
The flower of their hometown.
There are some devices that purify
the environment and have a function
that can hasten the growth of plants.
Please bring me the flower of Alfheim that bloomed by the device.
The flower of Alfheim is not
strong enough to keep it's life by
depending on the Splendide device,
but ^FF0000the way^000000 can fill
Splendide by it's scent like it never falls!
Get a seed from Flowery,
and then use a Purifier
to make the seed blossom.
Hoo, this is one of the
most common kinds of flowers.
Haha, Don't worry.
Common flowers like this can bring the familiarity of home back to the soldiers.
For now, I'll extract a liquid that
includes the scent of this flower by using a distiller.
Making a ^3131FFPerfume^000000.
Would you please wait a while?
Where is the flower?
- clitter-clatter -
- clitter-clatter -
- clitter-clatter -
- clitter-clatter -
- clitter-clatter -
- Spraying something -
Not finished yet.
Please wait a second.
- clitter-clatter -
- clitter-clatter -
- clitter-clatter -
- clitter-clatter -
- clitter-clatter -
- Spraying something -
Wow, finished!
I think I'll call this perfume
The ^3131FFSoul of Alfheim^000000!
This perfume can relieve their minds by using
the scent of their hometown Alfheim.
Though it's not a permanent solution, I think it will help them feel comfortable for now.
Here, I'll give you this perfume,
help the exhausted soldiers and
let me know the result, please!
Oh! How's the reaction of the soldiers?
Yes, they seemed to be happy.
But, it still made someone cry because he probably misses Alfheim.
Oh! That means it works!
Thanks.
Thanks for your help.
This is my reward for you.
I hope this will be helpful to you.
If you have something to talk to me about, come to me whenever. Nice to meet you, human from Midgard.
Go and spray this perfume for the exhausted soldiers in Splendide!
I hope this long battle will end soon.
I hope this long battle will end soon.
BurYurDath Ee NeKoIyaz er ModRuAlah Yee VeldDuDur Yee SeYurOsa U ReNudNud Ra 
DiebVrumDana er TingNothDim No RasVilHir Yu YurAdorShar Yu DanaVeldDur Ha VilModMe O SharThus
It looks like you're carrying too many things.
Why not put some of your items in storage and come back?
Huh? Seed of the flower of Alfheim?
Do I have that one? Hmm~
As you see, there're so many stuffs
in my room, so I don't know
exactly what I have
or not in my room.
But I'll try to find cuz you came
here to help Grenouille
He's always pretend to tenacious,
but sometimes he help others well! Huhu!
- rummaging -
- rummaging -
- rummaging -
- rummaging -
- rummaging -
- rummaging -
Wow! Come here!
I found a seed!
Hmm... But this one is
one of the most common and trifle
kind in Alfheim, so you can find
this wild flower at anywhere...
This one would be ok?
Umm.. But I don't have
any other seed of flower..
So, just bring this, here you are~
I gave you the seed, so it's up to you that what would you do with the seed.
I feel dizzy when I look at my room.
Yuuuum~
Can you believe that right in front of us is a battle field? Though it's very silent and peaceful at the moment. So do I~
NeiKoFulo An DielOdesMush Or KoDanaOsa Ir FarBurnes Ir 
NeOsaVa Mu BurVeTi Ra OsaDeh
- You put the seed in the
device and watched it
as Grenouille told you. -
- Booowoong -
- When the lights gone,
a big flower of Alfheim was lied
in your hand, instead of the seed. -
Where are the seeds?
Oh my hometown...
SEL:Use perfume.:Don't use perfume.
(Spray-)
Umm... This is...
I can feel the scent of Alfheim.
My hometown Alfheim!
Ahh! Feeling much better!
- You decide to do nothing. -
Oh my hometown...
CyaResehr
Want to take a rest...
SEL:Use perfume.:Don't use perfume.
(Spray-)
What happen?
Feel better suddenly! I'm so happy now!
Let's go to work!
- You decide to do nothing. -
Want to take a rest...
CyaResehr
My hometown Alfheim...
SEL:Use perfume.:Don't use perfume.
(Spray-)
Umm... This is...
I can feel the scent of Alfheim.
My hometown Alfheim!
Let's beat Sapha and go back home!
- You decide to do nothing. -
My hometown Alfheim...
CyaResehr
Huu...
SEL:Use perfume.:Don't use perfume.
(Spray-)
Umm... This is...
I can feel the scent of Alfheim.
My hometown Alfheim!
Ahh! Feels like at home!!
- You decide to do nothing. -
Huu...
CyaResehr
Oh my hometown...
SEL:Use perfume.:Don't use perfume.
(Spray-)
Umm... This is...
I can feel the scent of Alfheim.
My hometown Alfheim!
Ahh! Feeling much better!
- You decide to do nothing. -
Oh my hometown...
CyaResehr
Huu...
SEL:Use perfume.:Don't use perfume.
(Spray-)
I can feel the scent of Alfheim.
My hometown Alfheim!
Yes, Splendide also a part of Alfheim!
Go Laphines!
- You decide to do nothing. -
Huu...
CyaResehr
Oh my hometown...
SEL:Use perfume.:Don't use perfume.
(Spray-)
Umm... This is...
I can feel the scent of Alfheim.
My hometown Alfheim!
Ahh! Feeling much better!
- You decide to do nothing. -
Oh my hometown...
CyaResehr
 - Hold on!! -
 - You are carrying too many different items - 
 - You cannot receive the reward - 
 - Please use the Kafra service - 
 - And try again. - 
Hu~~
That's pretty interesting...
I will take note of it in my research papers.
write...write...
crunch...crunch...
 - He doesn't seem to recognize that I am standing next to him as he continues writing something. -
write...write...
crunch...crunch...
Hu~~
That's pretty interesting...
I will take note of it in my research papers.
write...write...
crunch...crunch...
 - He doesn't seem to recognize that I am standing next to him as he continues writing something. -
write..write...
crunch..crunch...
Auch!!!
Who...who are you?!
How long have you been standing there?
Uh, I'm just passing by.
You look like you're busy with something.
See you~!!
Uh!! Wait!!
Your finger... Is that..?!
 - He grabs your hand with a surprised look -
This is the ^0000FFRing of the Ancient Wise King^000000!!!!!
This has to be fate that I've met you!
My research is not going so well. The god of fate must have sent you to me. I'm sure of it!!
......What?!
Would you like to help me with my search?
SEL:What kind of search?:Sure.:Borrrring.
To put it simply, I'm searching for fairies and giants that live around here.
Though I believe they all live in the same place, they are sure to have different cultures.
...first and foremost is proof of their existence.
What about it?
Are you interested?
SEL:Sure.:Not really.
Haha... I just know that I'm right!
Hahahaha!!
So let's work together from this point on. Let me introduce myself.
As you can see from my name tag, my name is ^0000FFBazett Teablack^000000.
I am "+strcharinfo(0)+".
SEL:OK, so what can I do for you?
"+strcharinfo(0)+" let's see..!!
Search Manuk and Splendide fields everyday for signs of the fairies or giants.
It's not difficult.
So please share any information that you can gather as you travel through those areas.
Hopefully I can find what I am looking for with the information you can find.
...........Why!!!!!
Well if you decide to change your mind, come back to me.
Haha... I just know that I'm right!
Hahahaha!!
So let's work together from this point on. Let me introduce myself.
As you can see from my name tag, my name is ^0000FFBazett Teablack^000000.
I am "+strcharinfo(0)+".
SEL:OK, so what can I do for you?
"+strcharinfo(0)+" let's see..!!
Search Manuk and Splendide fields everyday for signs of the fairies or giants.
It's not difficult.
So please share any information that you can gather as you travel through those areas.
Hopefully I can find what I am looking for with the information you can find.
...........Why!!!!!
Well if you decide to change your mind, come back to me.
Gthgh sdsWryi
Apeu hjsu opuer 
What'd you say?
Oh! Sorry, I think I said it wrong...
I was just infatuated with my research...
You should find a way to understand this strange language that I've discovered here in the Ash Vacuum.
Without the ability to communicate it would be really difficult to get around here, don't you think?
TalDathMush Di nahDeh
ReAnduDu So sehr
Huh?
Oh! I must've said it wrong...
My research hasn't been going too well lately.
There should be a way for you to understand this strange language here.
Without the ability to communicate it would be really difficult to get around here, don't you think?
Ah! You've returned!
Now are you interested in my research?
SEL:Yes.:No.
Haha... I just know that I'm right!
Hahahaha!!
So let's work together from this point on. Let me introduce myself.
As you can see from my name tag, my name is ^0000FFBazett Teablack^000000.
I am "+strcharinfo(0)+".
SEL:OK, so what can I do for you?
"+strcharinfo(0)+" let's see..!!
Search Manuk and Splendide fields everyday for signs of the fairies or giants.
It's not difficult.
So please share any information that you can gather as you travel through those areas.
Hopefully I can find what I am looking for with the information you can find.
Well if you decide to change your mind, come back to me.
Um... for today can you search for giants in the Manuk Field?
That place is pretty cold so, you might need a coat.
I used this note so it should still be useful. Take it...
Ah... and don't worry about the title of the note.
After you've finished searching bring that note back to me.
Got it? Ok take care and see you soon.
How's the search going?
You lost the notes!!?
Sigh...
What's done has been done.
I'll give you a new one.
Take it easy...
Oh! You're done with the investigation?
SEL:Yes.:Not yet...
You lost the notes!!?
Sigh...
What's done has been done.
You must be tired, go take a rest.
I'll go prepare new notes.
You can just go investigate again for me.
May I take a look at the notes first?
Oh!!
 - Bazett is reading the detailed contents - 
 - He seems to be captivated. - 
 - It's better if I leave him alone. - 
 - So he can finish. - 
Mm...there are actually such things?!
Mm...I see, I see.
Even though the content is simple, it's well organized and interesting.
As expected of "+strcharinfo(0)+"!!
You've done well.
You must be exhausted. Go take a rest. We'll continue tomorrow.
Ah... this isn't much, but it's a coin that the giants use.
Maybe you can buy something from them with this.
Take it easy...
You've done well.
You must be exhausted. Go take a rest, we'll continue tomorrow.
Oops, it's dangerous, almost broken.
I should hurry to change it...otherwise.
What's the matter?
Ah....here.....um...
Nothing!!
What's up?
You are an outsider.
I was suprised by your voice.
Yes, sorry to startle you.
Haha, it's ok.
Recently I heard about people like you but it's the first time I've actually met one.
You speak our language pretty good.
Ah...anyway..you look like you're having some trouble. What happened?
Nothing!!
Are you sure? Fate has to have brought us together for a reason.
Tell me~
Frankly...
The screw is too old to use to fix the tent, so I should change it before it breaks.
I can't leave so I'm just waiting for my friend to pass by to help me.
Can I help you?
No~that's alright. We just met so I can't ask you for a favor.
That's ok! We can help each other!
- Suddenly there is a screeching sound as the screw breaks -
Ugh!!!
**Sigh**
Well that's that!
Anyway my name is ^0000FFGill^000000.
I need something to fix the tent with, if you can get^0000FF 30 Horn of Hillslion^000000, I can make them into sturdy enough screws.
Sorry, again for making you do this but I will be waiting here for you.
You helped me collect all of the Horns of Hillslion?
Thank you so much.
It's all because of you, we are able to prevent anything disastrous.
^0000FFEven though you're also an alien race, but compared to the vile fairies^000000, I'm glad to have met someone like "+strcharinfo(0)+".
Sorry, again for making you do this but I will be waiting here for you to bring back the^0000FF 30 Horn of Hillslions.^000000.
Thank you for helping me.
^0000FFEven though you're also an alien race, but compared to the vile fairies^000000, I'm glad to have met someone like "+strcharinfo(0)+".
This is too dangerous, it's become too loose...
It must be replaced soon...
This is too dangerous, it's become too loose...
It must be replaced soon...
Is something wrong?
Ah... see here...
Nevermind. Nothing.
You don't have to be like this.
You are one of the strange race, aren't you?
To suddenly hear you speak our language gave me a bit of a shock.
Since I'm travelling here, so I thought I'd need it...
Haha, is that so?
I've heard of the rumour that your race exists, but I've never seen one before.
And to think you can speak our language. Interesting.
Ah...but just a moment ago, you were having a hard time with something. Is something wrong?
It's nothing.
Ah~ It must be fate that we met~
You can just tell me.
Well...
The screw that is used to keep our tent in place is rusting away... we must get a new one.
But I can't leave this place, so I was waiting for someone to pass by.
And you just happened to talk to me. I thought you were someone from our tribe.
I can help you.
No, it's alright. We just met, so I don't want to trouble you.
Don't worry about it! Life is all about helping eachother, don't you think so?
 - While the disagreement is taking place, - 
 - The screw that has held its ground til now - 
 - Finally gives in and breaks in half. - 
Ah!!!
I can't just care about pride now.
Let me introduce myself, I am ^0000FFGill^000000.
I need a screw to stablize our tent, and it can be found from the ^0000FFHillslion^000000 monster.
Please help me collect ^0000FF30 Horns of Hillslion^000000, and that should be enough for now.
I'm really sorry, so please hurry.
You helped me collect all of the Horns of Hillslion?
Thank you so much.
It's all because of you, we are able to prevent anything disastrous.
^0000FFEven though you're also an alien race, but compared to the vile fairies^000000, I'm glad to have met someone like "+strcharinfo(0)+".
Making you do something like this, I feel ashamed.
Thank you for helping me.
^0000FFEven though you're also an alien race, but compared to the vile Fairies^000000, I'm glad to have met someone like "+strcharinfo(0)+".
This is too dangerous, it's become too loose...
It must be replaced soon...
You're here again?
Talking with someone occasionally is quite relaxing.
Ehahdie O Ehai
Ohek Hekdh I dkek
Ohehp Qe Tehdhah
Ehaodke Thdieqak Khehdi
PHhdkel
Thhdqdcczk U dheagelokd dok
- You can't understand what he's saying. - 
There's something strange here.
Maybe that device can be controlled from here.
SEL:Try to control.:Don't try to control it.
You press the device buttons and it suddenly becomes dark.
You decide to leave it alone.
The device has already been activated.
You must wait for the controls to reset.
There's a controllable device here.
You might be able to control that device from here.
SEL:Control.:Quit.
Seems to have been started.
The device is now on.
Panels have appeared across the ledge.
You decide not to control the device.
Enter password.
Reset Control devices?
SEL:Yes:No
Done.
Canceled.
Invalid.
