 . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 : Cuaque Donon
 : Emma Searth
 : Jack O
 : Royal Myst
 : The Nineball^000000
 : Zan.Huadoku
 I hope you know the meaning of returning my Emblem. I expect that we will meet again on the battlefield.
 So then I thought...
 case sensitive.
" + strcharinfo(0) + ".
"+ strcharinfo(0) +".
"+strcharinfo(0)+"
'Angel Wing Ears!'
'Class Explanation'
'Model Training Hat' again,
'Phracon' is an ore which can be used to upgrade lvl 1 weapons. To strengthen your Battle Axe with this Phracon, please visit a forge in one of the towns.
'Phracon' is an ore which can be used to upgrade lvl 1 weapons. To strengthen your Composite Bow with this Phracon, please visit a forge in one of the towns.
'Phracon' is an ore which can be used to upgrade lvl 1 weapons. To strengthen your Falchion with this Phracon, please visit a forge in one of the towns.
'Phracon' is an ore which can be used to upgrade lvl 1 weapons. To strengthen your Level 1 weapons with this Phracon, please visit a forge in one of the towns.
'Phracon' is an ore which can be used to upgrade lvl 1 weapons. To strengthen your Mace with this Phracon, please visit a forge in one of the towns.
'Phracon' is an ore which can be used to upgrade lvl 1 weapons. To strengthen your Main Gauche with this Phracon, please visit a forge in one of the towns.
'Yes' or 'No' to
'Zeny' is the currency of Midgard. 'Battle Axe' will come in handy once you become a Merchant.
'Zeny' is the currency of Midgard. 'Composite Bow' is a weapon that will be very useful once you become an Archer.
'Zeny' is the currency of Midgard. 'Falchion' is a weapon that will be very useful once you become a Swordman.
'Zeny' is the currency of Midgard. 'Mace' is a weapon that will be very useful once you become an Acolyte.
'Zeny' is the currency of Midgard. 'Main Gauche' is a weapon that will be very useful once you become a Thief.
'Zeny' is the currency of Midgard. That 'Cutter' has been given to you so that you can fight monsters before you become a Mage.
'Zeny' is the currency of Midgard. The 'Adventurer's Suit' will come in handy once you become a " + .@Jobs$[@menu] + ".
'^3355FFBasic Skill^000000.'
'^660000crusader 4th_company 4th_platoon 4th_squad record^000000' all in one line exactly like that. I hope this helps you in your search...
('^3355FFAlt^000000' + '^3355FFL^000000') and click each icon to see the command to display
('^3355FFAlt^000000' + '^3355FFS^000000')
('^3355FFAlt^000000' + '^3355FFS^000000'), you can check the descriptions of the skills, but I've prepared this lesson for
('^3355FFF12^000000' key).
(Woohoo~!)
*Chuckle* Although we've been studying this world for a long time, I know that studying in itself will fulfill all the needs of the people.
*Chuckle* Becoming a Sage isn't as simple as you may have assumed.
*Search Magic is
*Sigh* I suppose it's time for our conversation.
*sigh* Let me count...
- Currently you are carrying -
- Currently you're carrying -
- Currently you're over weight -
- Deactivated. -^000000
- No result has been found.-
- Please come back after -
- Please enter a keyword. -
- Please try again -
- Please try again after -
- Suggested to enter a more specific keyword.-
- Suggested to enter a specific name of the force for a better research.-
- Wait a minute !! -
- Wait a minute! -
- Wait a moment! -
- You are carrying too many items!
- You are carrying too many items! -
- after you lose some weight. -
- is being shut down. -^000000
- to receive more items from this NPC. -
- too many items with you. -
- you put some items into Kafra Storage. -
-search with a keyword : "+.@input$+" -
..." + strcharinfo(0) + ", have you lost your mind?
......*Cling*
.......*Cling*
......Errr?
.....Magic spells are varied into 4 elements such as
.....Monsters vary by physical appearance,
.....There is a ocean around the continent,
.....as we studied from the last class,
....F-f-fooooour...
...20,000 zeny.
...?!
...A thousand.
...I didn't know Phens were aggressive nowadays?
...I see. Now, let me introduce you all buildings in Niflheim!
...I've talked too much already.
...Oh my gosh! Time flies sooo fast!
...PLEASURE. Wait, where are you going, hon?
...There.
...^000000
...and 20,000 zeny.
...and be aware that certain spells work differently on different monsters.
...and possess various elemental properties.
...for PLEASURE.
...this Alarm Mask!
1 Angel Wing
1 Angel Wing,
1 Devil Wing
1 Elven Ears,
1 Elven Ears...
1 Evil Wing,
1 Fish Tail^000000 and
1 Oil Paper,
1 STR increases your physical attack damage by 1 point. A certain amount of attack damage bonus is given when the STR stat is increased to a multiple of 10.
1 ^3355FFCap^000000 and
1 ^3355FFGuitar^000000.
1 ^3355FFSakkat^000000,
1 ^3355FFSanta Hat^000000,
1 ^3355FFStraw Hat^000000,
1 ^3355FFWestern Grace^000000,
1 ^4d4dffElven Ears^000000 and
1 ^FF0000Bandana^000000 and 1 ^FF0000White Dyestuffs^000000.
1 ^FF0000Big Ribbon^000000,
1 ^FF0000Black Dyestuffs^000000,
1 ^FF0000Indian Fillet^000000,
1 ^FF0000Kitty Band^000000,
1 ^FF0000Silk Ribbon^000000!
1 ^FF0000Striped Hairband^000000,
1 ^FF0000slotted Ribbon^000000 and
1 ^ff0000Black Dyestuffs^000000
1 ^ff0000slotted Circlet^000000,
1. Choose an item that the Gift merchant in Prontera does not sell.
1. Choose the item that the Magical Tool merchant in Geffen does not sell.
1. Choose the jewel that the Morocc Jewel Merchant does not sell.
10 ^FF0000PecoPeco Feather^000000
10 ^ff0000Raccoon Leaf^000000.
10,000 battles
10. Choose the Kafra lady who has gorgeous blue hair.
10. Choose the Kafra lady who is the youngest among the staff.
10. Choose the right name for the Kafra lady who wears glasses.
100 ^3355FFOil Paper^000000 and
100 ^3355FFSlick Paper^000000.
100 ^ff0000Sea-Otter Fur^000000 and
1000 ^ff0000Acorn^000000,
108 ^3355FFClaw of Desert Wolf^000000,
108 ^3355FFSoft Blade of Grass^000000 and
11. Choose the correct SP consumption and the number of evasions when using Safety Wall lvl 6.
11. Choose the skill that is irrelevant to learning Fire Wall, the Mage skill.
11. How much SP is spent to use lvl 7 Thunderstorm?
12. Choose the correct amount of magic attack for Napalm Beat lvl 6.
12. Choose the right amount of damage reduction and SP consumption of the Energy Coat skill when the caster's remaining SP is 50%.
12. How much SP can be restored when learning SP recovery at lvl 6 (without being affected by INT)?
13. Choose the catalyst stone for Mage Solution no. 4 that is used for the Mage job change quest.
13. Choose the property that is irrelevant to 'Bolt' type skills for the Mage class.
13. How many INT points does a Mage receive as a bonus at job lvl 33?
14. Choose the correct SP consumption and the skill duration for Improve Concentration lvl 5 (Archer skill).
14. Choose the correct attack strength and SP consumption for Bash lvl 6, the Swordman skill.
14. Choose the right chance and attack strength for lvl 7 Double Attack, the Thief skill.
15. Choose the skill that is irrelevant to learning Claymore Trap, the Hunter skill.
15. Choose the skill that is irrelevant to learning Magnus Exorcismus, the Priest skill.
15. Choose the skill that is irrelevant to learning Maximize Power, the Blacksmith skill.
16. Choose the correct defense and ability of Wedding Veil.
16. Choose the correct defense and ability of the Bunny Band.
16. What is the correct defense rate and ability of Cute Ribbon?
17. Choose the class that cannot equip Coat.
17. Choose the class that cannot equip Padded Armor.
17. Choose the class that cannot equip Saint Robe.
18. Choose the abnormal status that cannot be cured by Green Potion.
18. Choose the item that cures all abnormal status and restores full HP and SP at the same time.
18. Choose the item that is not an ingredient for Blue Dyestuffs.
19. Choose the correct name for the ancient kingdom that disappeared somewhere in Geffen.
19. When the world was created by the god Odin, what did he use for the material?
19. Who rules the Rune-Midgarts kingdom right now?
1st Squad.
1st Squad. Current duty is unknown.
1st Squad. Retired from service
1st Squad. Retired since
1st Squad. Serves as instructor of Crusader Boot Camp and is currently
1st Squad. Serves as security officer since disbanding of 1st Squad.
1st Squad. Serving as recruiting officer since disbanding of 1st Squad.
1st Squad. Serving as weapon quartermaster since disbanding
1st Squad?
1st Squad? Yeah, I used to be in that. All of us in the squad used to be real good buddies too.
2 Slick Paper,
2. Choose a city where you cannot purchase a Stiletto.
2. Choose the city where users cannot purchase Blade from an NPC.
2. Choose the city where users cannot purchase Monster's Feed from an NPC.
20 Blue Gemstones.
20,000 zeny.
20. Choose the correct name for the tree that has become the root of this world.
20. Choose the god of Crusaders.
20. Choose the metal that has rumored to bring fortune and fame to a person with the destiny.
200 ^FF0000Fluff^000000 and
25 ^3355FFIron Ore^000000
25 ^3355FFSquid Ink^000000
3 Feather of Birds and
3 Squid Ink,
3 days later!
3 sections: consumable items, equipment and other items.
3. Choose the closest city to Glast Heim.
3. Choose the closest city to Turtle Island.
3. Choose the closest city to the Maze.
300 Stinky Scale,
300 ^3355FFPiece of Bamboo^000000.
300 ^3355FFTough Vines^000000 and
300 ^FF0000Burning Heart^000000,
300 ^FF0000Red Muffler^000000,
3rd Company, 3rd Platoon
3rd Company, 3rd Platoon,
3rd Platoon records and
4 ^3355FFBurning Horseshoe^000000.
4. Choose the monster that is a different type than the others.
40,000 zeny.
5 ^3355FF"+getitemname(.@items[0])+"^000000,
5 ^3355FF"+getitemname(.@items[1])+"^000000,
5 ^3355FF"+getitemname(.@items[2])+"^000000,
5 ^3355FFClam Flesh^000000,
5 ^3355FFCobweb^000000,
5 ^3355FFFish Tail^000000.
5 ^3355FFHeart of Mermaid^000000.
5 ^3355FFHorn^000000,
5 ^3355FFInsect Feeler^000000.
5 ^3355FFMantis Scythe^000000,
5 ^3355FFMoth Dust^000000.
5 ^3355FFNipper^000000,
5 ^3355FFRainbow Shell^000000.
5 ^3355FFSharp Scale^000000.
5 ^3355FFShell^000000,
5 ^3355FFSingle Cell^000000,
5 ^3355FFSnail's Shell^000000,
5 ^3355FFSolid Shell^000000.
5 ^3355FFTendon^000000,
5 ^3355FFTentacle^000000,
5 ^3355FFWorm Peeling^000000,
5. Choose the monster that has a different attribute than the others.
5. Choose the monster that has a different attribute.
5. Choose the monster with the different attribute.
50 Sushi,
50 ^3355FFCactus Needle^000000 and
50 ^3355FFClover^000000
50 ^3355FFCrystal Arrow^000000,
50 ^3355FFFeather of Birds^000000
50 ^3355FFFeather^000000
50 ^3355FFFluff^000000
50 ^3355FFStone Arrow^000000,
50 ^3355FFWind Arrow^000000.
500 ^3355FFYarn^000000.
6. Choose the monster that is different in size.
6. Choose the monster that is different sized than the others.
6. Choose the monster that is different sized.
600 ^ff0000Raccoon Leaf^000000.
7. Choose the monster that does not drop 'Phracon'.
7. Choose the monster which does not drop 'Yggdrasil Leaf'.
7. Choose the monster which doesn't drop 'Alcohol'.
8. Choose the NPC that is irrelevant to the Blacksmith job change quest.
8. Choose the NPC that is irrelevant to the Knight job change quest.
8. Choose the NPC that is irrelevant to the Priest job change quest.
9. Choose the NPC that is not a citizen of Al De Baran.
9. Choose the NPC that is not a citizen of Morocc.
9. Choose the NPC that is not a citizen of Prontera.
A Beanie!
A Beanie...!
A Blacksmith character's forging skills are affected by the DEX and LUK stats. DEX and LUK also affect the item creation skills for Alchemists.
A Cowboy Hat! This is a very popular that brings up images of frontier life and gunplay.
A Novice? Why is a novice here?
A Straw Hat! It shades you from the heat of the sun and keeps farmers cool when they're working on the fields. It's a hat for cool, relaxed types and the hat of choice for some famous heroes!
A Straw Hat! Made out of a Sakkat with bamboo and tough vines, it gives you a relaxed, rustic feeling when you wear it.
A Swordman is the ideal character to take the position of party leader. When advancing to the Second Job Class, Swordmen can change their jobs to ^8E2323Knights^000000 or ^8E2323Crusaders^000000.
A curse is placed on those dishonorable Orcs so that they can be singled out by the tribe and banished from the village.
A fabulous Mastella tree.
A fine name. It's nice to meet you.
A giant ash tree.
A giant dead branch.
A giant dragon.
A giant snake Yormungandr.
A giant turtle and elephants.
A giant willow.
A guy named Leo Handerson seems to know a lot about skills, so I think his knowledge would be useful to you.
A human who has a better understanding than other humans. One who showed others power regardless of the race, I leave you to the future of Chaos.
A lot of people have been asking me weird questions about me recently. I feel like I'm getting spied on, but maybe I'm just getting paranoid.
A man's hobby is drinking, or didn't you know that? I happen to be real good at it too! Mwahahaha!
A man's life is too
A small registration fee will also be required.
A town...?
A young Sage named Metheus Sylphe will accept your application.
ASPD, however,
Abguard where gods live.
About the Stellar...
Academy. W-wait a second...
Accessories typically worn by monsters are now available for adventurers to wear!
Active Skills, unlike Passive Skills which don't use any SP, require SP each time that
Active skills, like First Aid, require a certain amount of SP to use them. The First Aid skill is useful for Novices, since it refills a little bit of HP.
Adventurer, if you have the time to listen to me speak to myself, why don't you perform a task for me?
After all, it may be
After all...
After investing many hours napping in the sun, they've developed the perfect position to nap in any place and in any condition: the lazy feline droop.
After learning some strong attack skills, the Swordman is almost unbeatable in a melee fight.
After some intense thinking, and reading some 'Funtime Kid Science' magazines in Juno, I realized that the color black absorbs sunlight and heat, and that the color white reflects it.
After the examination, you will be assigned to study a specific subject...
After the mission, Rebarev Doug only gave a piece of the belt back to the higher-ups, and gave them
After you enter this academy and pass certain courses...
After you receive all the supplies, I will teleport you to the Swordman Association.
After you receive all the supplies, I will teleport you to the merchant town.
After you receive all the supplies, I'll teleport you behind the Sanctuary.
After you receive all the supplies, I'll teleport you to the Archer town.
After you receive all the supplies, I'll teleport you to the Mage town.
After you receive all the supplies, I'll teleport you to the Thief town.
After you register, you will be able to take the entrance test.
Afterwards, that person will
Again, human, you confound me with your stubborness. I see that humans are masochists. Or just like to annoy Orcs by making them count a thousand Jellopies.
Agility affects your Flee Rate and Attack Speed. The higher your Flee Rate, the better chance you have of avoiding enemy attacks.
Ah right. Our old leader.
Ah well, I expected you would know at least a little bit about Yggdrasil...
Ah yes, before gathering all of those items, if you happen to have 70,000 zeny, I will be more than happy to receive the full payment.
Ah yes, everything is in readiness.
Ah yes, take your time...
Ah yes, we were talking about Orc Heroes. Now, unlike Orc Heroes who are blessed with might from the day they were born, there are older, seasoned warriors that have managed to survive many years of combat.
Ah yes, you can not become the most intelligent person merely by reading all the books around you...
Ah yes. Now here's a classy hat for mariachi heroes and Latin lovers. You can't deny the sex appeal that just pours from someone wearing a Sombrero.
Ah yes...you seem to be proficient in studying.
Ah! I got it!
Ah! I see you brought everything. Alright! Do you want me to make you a Straw Hat now?
Ah! Right, right.
Ah! There it is!
Ah! Yeah, our old leader back in the 1st Squad. Heh. I haven't seen him since we were disbanded.
Ah! You brought everything already. Alright! Do you want me to make you a Sombrero right away?
Ah! You brought everything already. Alright! How about I make you that Beanie right now?
Ah! You brought everything already. Excellent. Do you want me to make a Cowboy Hat now?
Ah, " + strcharinfo(0) + ", you've applied for an old training course that we no longer provide for our trainees. Let me issue a new proof of registration for you.
Ah, I can tell that you already have a ^8C1717'Model Training Hat'^000000. I see that using it has corrected your posture.
Ah, I see.
Ah, a Claw of Desert Wolf~!
Ah, a ^3131FFBand Aid^000000!
Ah, let's not talk about it. It's too depressing. Maybe if you had some sort of ^0000FFmemory^000000 aid, I might be able to recall my forgotten past. Anything, like a reminder, a scheduler, a bookmark, a string...
Ah, please do
Ah, please do not
Ah, please do not touch any books in that section. ...I'm sure there's nothing there that could be useful to you.
Ah, please do not touch the files in this section. Usually, it's public domain but it seems that a classified file managed to get misplaced there.
Ah, right.
Ah, spoken like a true warrior. Alright then, go forth and do battle with others of my tribe, and bring me 10,000 Orcish Vouchers.
Ah...
Ah... It's done!
Ah... Right.
Ah....
Ah...I've piqued your curiosity I see.
Ahahaha~
Aha~
Aha~ Good good good.
Ahora estas en el patio exterior. Por favor entra al castillo para comenzar tu entrenamiento.
Ah~ I must say,
All I need to make this is...
All I want is to bring her back to life, no matter what the cost. That's why I'm swallowing my pride and asking you for help.
All I want you to do is find my old comrades, and inform me of how
All of the items you are carrying must be quite a burden. Where did you get so much things? Please lighten your weight by getting rid of things you don't need.
All the monsters from which you obtained these items are not agressive... get a grip.
All you gotta do is bring me the stuff to make it. And if that hairpin's for yourself, well, I'm down with that jive too.
All you have to do is kill all the monsters within the time limit.
Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Hatbyr Mhore, a travelling Blacksmith.
Alright then. In the meantime, you might want to speak to the assistant tutors, as the basic information taught in the essential courses may not be enough for new adventurers.
Alright then...
Alright, I will investigate your claim to the best of my ability.
Alright, I'm done!
Alright, all the marks I've made have been removed from your mini-map. If you want to check the locations in Niflheim again, go ahead and ask me.
Alright, but listen...
Alright, gimmie a minute, yeah?
Alright, it's time to roll!
Alright, let me start the 1st personality test. Please relax
Alright, let's get to work.
Alright, practice makes perfect! Let me send you to the guys at Field Combat Training. Take care!
Alright, that belongs to the Orc Lord. I mean, even though it's now yours, it was given to you by mistake.
Alright...
Also known as 'Stats,'
Also you can register that character as your friend in the same way. If you are the master
Also, I can disassemble the Model Training Hat into its original materials. So if you want the original items back, bring the Model Training Hat and the arrow I gave you.
Also, I'll keep this copy in the Library for you to read, and to prevent it from being leaked to the public. So you'll have to come visit each time you wish to read it, okay?
Also, each weapon has its strengths and weaknesses. The size of the weapon will affect the damage it will deal to monsters.
Also, equipment and consumable items can also be assigned to a Hotkey through the Hotkey bar.
Also, keep this dissertation and treat it with care, since it is one and only book you have written.
Also, please give my regards to your colleagues as well.
Also, there is the experience benefit for party play which allows you to gain more experience points than playing solo. You can take advantage of this system for faster leveling.
Alternatively, you can bring me ^3355FFOld Magicbook^000000 and ^3355FFNecklace of Wisdom^000000.
Alternatively, you could try to find ^3355FFOld Magicbook^000000 and ^3355FFNecklace of Wisdom^000000.
Although I can no longer fight, I've been studying how to create Gleipnir for years. I will be more than willing to create it for you if you can bring me...
Although I don't like to admit it, there are cowardly Orcs that run away from battle, or fight using dishonorable methods.
Although I really enjoy traveling more than staying in my shop, I'm still a Blacksmith at heart and I always gotta be making something. It's been a while since I've made my last creation...
Although it can be a street fashion, Beanies also look really cute on some people.
Although it doesn't look different from the others, I hope you will keep it with care. You can only be recognized as an Orc Hero with this token.
Although it doesn't look different from the others, please keep this with care. You can only be recognized as an Orc warrior with this.
Although it's clear that you've got '^3355FFthe look^000000,' we can't accept any students at the moment.
Although it's roughly written, it's well done for a beginner.
Although similar to your Flee Rate, Perfect Dodge is a separate factor in attack evasion that is calculated differently.
Although that is what we say, it is very inappropriate to think of becoming a Sage as merely changing a job.
Although the Bunny Band best fits the Acolyte class
Although the results may not be immediate, you will always be rewarded when you help others.
Although there was an obvious dispute, I think it was our squad leader who was out of line.
Although we can't offer any classes at this time, I can create a special 'Model Training Hat' for you. That way, you can practice the glamourous way of walking down the catwalk on your own.
Although you brought all of the items, the money you have now is less than 30,000 zeny.
Although you may be learning theory by talking with me, you must experience our way of life for yourself.
Although you might want to be careful of monsters that recognize magic casting.
Although you'll
Although you're a
Although you're a human, you're an Orc Hero amongst us now, so you should have a helm suitable for your position...
Although you're already a Sage, that doesn't mean you can stop studying.
Although you're strong enough for solo play, you must cooperate and help other people. That's what a Wizard shoud stand for.
Although you're very straight forward and simple minded, you
Although...
Always remember to keep a studious and analytical mindset.
Am I bored~!
Among those well-experienced warriors, the greatest one of all is given the title of Orc Lord, and is given our respect as the leader of our tribe.
An adorable Novice
An ash tree taking root in the middle of the Rune-Midgarts continent, that is Yggdrasil.
And Asgard is where the gods reside...
And even if you don't manage to copy the napping cat droop, at least this'll keep the sun off the top of your head, if not out of your eyes.
And everyone loves Angel Wing or Devil Wing. Wouldn't it be totally fab if I could combine the Elven Ears with one of the wings?!
And have a good day.
And here's
And hunting parties?
And if you do, he shall repay you in kind...
And it's a much better way to use a flower than to put it on Pet Orc Warriors. Man, those things just look gnarly~
And keep your hands off, some of these guys are way too dangerous to touch.
And lastly...
And look at me.
And now Rebarev Doug has been studying godly artifacts based on the pieces of Megingjard that we found on that mission using kingdom research funds. Someday, he might be able to reconstruct the belt.
And she's also a Rogue.
And that was how I invented the 'Lazy Smokie' hat.
And that, my friend, was how I invented the 'Blue Fish' hat.
And then...
And use underscores to
And you too can become a fighting legend...
And, as we all know, you wear no colors if you're invisible, or when you're completely nude. I've already conducted my nudity experiment with sad and pitiable results...
And, this is yours. All yours.
Animals that don't take naps under the sun must never feel hot?
Another benefit to increasing AGI is that your Attack Speed (ASPD) will also increase, meaning the time between your melee attacks will be reduced.
Answer immediately, or I'll fail you again.
Any military force or party needs their supplies to be replenished if they are to continue battling for a prolonged period of time.
Anything is fine as long as it's related to the Yggdrasil tree.
Anyway, I know for sure that whatever that guy did, it wasn't insubordination. In fact, I think he might've been right!
Anyway, I've got a bone to pick with you humans. You're an aggressive and greedy race, always killing things and taking stuff. And despite all the hunting, you never seem to be satisfied.
Anyway, Merchants, Blacksmiths and Alchemists must also learn the ^3355FFPush Cart^000000 skill in order to be able to rent a cart.
Anyway, everyone in the squad
Anyway, go and visit the Crusader Headquarters. You might be able to learn more about Rebarev Doug and stop any new shadiness he might be plotting. Good luck, my friend.
Anyway, if the squad
Anyway, if you enter your application for this academy, I will inform you about the registration fee and will let you take the test.
Anyway, now you can wear that mushroom at a rakish angle, the way it's supposed to be worn. Stay cool, you fashion rebel, you.
Anyway, please
Anyway, this is what I need to make a Beanie...
Anyway, this is what I need to make a Party Hat...
Anyway, you are
Anyway... oh! You mastered the Mage job! You're truly exemplary!! *Clap Clap Clap*.
Anyways, I need all these to make you a Straw Hat...
Anyways, in the records about
Apply for enrollment, and then come again.
Aqui, puedes prepararte
Are all you humans so foolish?!
Are they all okay?
Are you a candidate for the Sage class?
Are you aware that Megingjard
Are you done? Okay, then it's over.
Are you interested in knowing more about Crusaders? Hahaha, I guess that must be the case.
Are you looking for
Are you one of them?!
Are you ready?
Are you still
Are you sure you really want to go into Field Combat Training? Have you spoken to every tutor? You better do that beforehand.
Are you sure you want to create the Crown of Mistress?
Are you worried about going
Argh~!
As I expected,
As I told you before, you must bring all of those items, as well as the 30,000 zeny together.
As I told you, I will give you this really nifty ^0000FFAlarm Mask^000000 for those items, as well as do any sort of pose for you.
As a Crusader...
As a reward for your great effort, you will be exempt from the registration fee!
As an Orc Warrior,
As far as I remember, this is the first time I have asked you to do me a favor.
As for being suave? Well, I do have this yo-yo...
As my mom taught me,
As our forefathers have
As proof of their status, Orc Heroes are given Vouchers of Orcish Hero, as well as special swords that are only allowed to be used by our heroes.
As the name implies, the
As you are now one who feels the true intent of the opponent after endless battles, I will now return you to the battleground.
As you check
As you gain experience,
As you go window shopping,
As you know, your topic of study is monsters.
As you visualize the suffering of those you want to protect, you'll never hesitate to sacrifice yourself.
Asgard, Jotunnheim, Naffleheim.
Asgard, Jotunnheim, Niflheim.
Asgard, where gods live.
Ask any of your Archer friends if you know any.
Ask your Archer friend if you have one~ tee hee.
At least in those days, I felt like I was actually doing something useful!
At the Juno Library, I read in this issue of 'Funtime Kid Science' that all cats, whether they're wild or domesticated, are hunters that have mastered the art of saving their energy.
At the bottom of the Basic Info Window, you will see two different experience gauge bars. The top bar is for your current Base Level, and the bottom one displays experience for your current Job Level.
At the bottom right of the Chat Window, you should see 2 blue buttons. The left button allows you to change your chatting options.
At the end of the training, we will provide an introduction to the 1st Job Classes. This will help players decide which job class is best for them.
At the upper left side of your screen, you will see a window with your character name and level. This is the ^3355FFBasic Information Window^000000.
At the very least, we could train you to improve your posture so that you can walk with regal poise.
Awww...
Awwww~
Bah! Humans have built their own towns and cities. Do they keep their senseless killing amongst each other?! NO! Humans have to rampage and ravage everything!!
Band Aid, eh?
Base Level 40 and have 20 DEX,
Base Level displays the Job level of your character. When you just start a job, you will be at
Based on our latest research,
Basic Info Window is a series of buttons that will open other interface windows. Click them one by one, and check what you can do with them.
Basic Info window.
Basic Interfaces...
Basically, a character who deals the most damage on a monster receives the most experience points from the monster.
Basically, you must enter the castle in order to start your adventures.
Basically, you'd be volunteering to be part of our military, as well as train for the Holy War.
Battles are won with vigor and passion!
Beautiful...
Because of the confidential nature of our mission, the 1st Squad was disbanded and we weren't given the story Rebarev fed the beaureaucrats until it was too late.
Because of your drive and desire to succeed, ^696969Merchant^000000 is the most suitable job for you.
Because...!
Becoming a Sage is more than just a costume change: It's an important job where you must be always aware of your duty and responsibility to the people.
Before I start to create the item, I'm obligated to warn you...
Before we start talking about
Before we start the class, I'll need some reserve items.
Before we talk about the registration fee, it seems you haven't met the basic requirement yet, Mage job level 40.
Before we went out on our last mission, the seven of us were like brothers and sisters. If ^FF0000he^000000 didn't disobey the order, we'd still be together today.
Before you submit your dissertation, please take care this matter first.
Behold: bonus experience!
Besides, nothing says 'rebel without a cause' like a mushroom growing out of your head! You would look soooo cool, independent and countercultured!
Bienvenido a los Campos de Entrenamiento.
Black Cat Ears
Book smarts never can beat street smarts.
Boys aren't supposed to make flowers.
Bring me
Bring me ^FF00001 Alcohol^000000 and
Bring me following items for writing the thesis.
Bring me those items...
Bring me...
But I can't remember anything!
But I don't even have the consolation that she is
But I don't have anything to make paper flowers out of.
But I hope you remember, no one can live alone.
But I just wanted to show you how good I am...
But I sense that you are an adventurer with a pure heart and would not use the Teddybear Hat for selfish gain.
But I'll give you another chance to take the written test,
But I'll give you another chance,
But I'm not the person handling that part of the test.
But I've got other treats, you catch my drift?
But Rebarev Doug expected this, and explained to his superiors that the squad was tempted by Megingjard's power and that I led some of us in a mutiny against him.
But Rebarev didn't wait for us to decide. He destroyed Megingjard into pieces, intending to keep most of it and somehow reconstruct it later, and only bring one piece to the Prontera Military.
But Rebarev knew
But after that day,
But count on me,
But don't worry so much,
But even after yelling at me, and saying I was worthless, she got 
But flowers are so nice and pweety!!!
But if one of your party members traveled between town and the hunting area, he could supply your party with new healing items.
But if you attack a monster with
But if you cooperate with others, it will be simple and an enjoyable task. You would... 
But in order to cast this spell, I need the magical power in ^FF0000300 Mushroom Spores^000000. So, if you bring me all of those Mushroom Spores, you can see my magic for yourself!
But in the military system,
But insanely hot.
But isn't
But listen, I'll need:
But my old boss from when I was a Crusader doesn't wanna meet my sister. So she's gonna ask help from other Rogues to spread some rumors...
But now I get these migraines whenever I try to focus on my memories from those times
But seeing as you're not here for business, you must be here for...
But since our director is gone, we can't really use our budget to give you a hat. If you want, please bring me the following items...
But some people might benefit a little bit more if they learned some more detailed information.
But that's a rude way of asking! I'm volunteering my time and effort here, so you've got to show me a little bit of respect at least!
But then again, maybe there is. Go see Dean Kayron.
But think of all the sex appeal you're missing out on. Come on, you know you need a Sombrero.
But well...
But you only get a hint,
But you would look so ^FF66CCpretty~!^000000
But you'll be sorry later...
But you're just the cutest little thing. I just know you would look so preeeetty!
But, since you're an exceptional case, it might be possible for you to accomplish...
But...
Bwahahahahahha~!
Bwahahahahhahahahahahaha!
By passing selected courses, we will then approve them as Sages.
By the holy power
By the way, " + strcharinfo(0) + ", you just got - 10 points for lying and for being wrong.
By the way, although some monsters such as Penomena or Aster are considered to be fish class monsters, 
By the way, bring a doll to
By the way, if you catch any rare monsters in future, let me know.
By the way, your proof of registration has expired, so let me give you a new one.
Calm down Shion.
Can I help you
Can I help you?
Can I see your proof of registration?
Can you believe he used to say that ^0000FFno one is more religious than him in this world^000000?! That's egoism right there. And maybe insanity.
Can you tell me what that similarity is?
Carpe diem:
Choose 'Remove marks on mini-map' from the menu to remove all the building location marks I've made.
Choose the subject you
Click the ^3355FFequip^000000 button
Clicking these Menu buttons will open other Interface Windows, such as the Inventory Window
Come again when you finish the application.
Come back anytime when you have those materials.
Come back anytime you want.
Come back as
Come back here
Come back later, and I'll spare some time to talk.
Come back soon, adventurer!
Come on!
Come take a rest here.
Come to me when you
Common monster properties include Water, Wind, Earth, Fire, Shadow, Ghost and Holy. If you attack a monster with an opposing property, you can inflict additional damage~
Complete
Congratulations!
Congratulations! You have now become a Sage.
Considering the stories about my tribe, it's enough for me if you just listen. However, merely listening is totally different from having the experience as your own.
Cool~!
Cool~! Come back soon as you can~!
Coronet for making this item,
Crusader class. Because of this
Crusader personnel is considered confidential, so I am not sure of whether or not you can view them.
Crusaders are warriors preparing for the upcoming Holy War against Evil. Experienced swordsmen, usually with remarkable spiritual prowess.^000000
Cuaque Donon...
Current location:
Curse you, human.
Damn geezer...
Damn, I can never remember his name. You'd think I wouldn't forget the guy whose rap I'm taking but... Eh, I'll remember once I sober up.
Damn, my eyes are sore.
Damn...!
Darn it...!
Despite being physically weaker, Archers possess high accuracy with powerful long range bows. This allows them to attack and kill monsters from a safe distance.
Despite their physical weakness, they are able to do massive damage with their powerful spells. This fact alone attracts many people to join this class.
Dexterity mainly affects your accuracy, attack speed (ASPD)
Did you already forget!?
Did you already forget?
Did you already forget?!
Did you come here to look around? Huh...?
Did you come to see me? Oh, you're a student!
Did you find it yet? All this time, and I still haven't been able to dig up that file.
Did you just say
Did you need more help?
Did you see...?
Do I know you from somewhere?
Do I know you? Were you one of my students?
Do I know you?...
Do I look like a stupid Crusader?
Do newlyweds really need
Do you ever notice how on a hot day, you feel a lot cooler when you wear white, but you're a lot warmer when you wear black?
Do you give in
Do you happen to know a person named " + @str$ + " ...?
Do you hate me?
Do you have any
Do you know how to move?
Do you know the
Do you know what Click, Double-click and Drag mean?
Do you mind listening
Do you need help looking for someone? You seem to have completed all of the essential courses. Where do you need to go?
Do you not understand that
Do you really hate me?
Do you really want to listen to me so much...?
Do you see the bridge to your
Do you see your Basic Skill icon? It's at the very top of the Skill Window. Click on the 'Lv Up' button next to the Basic Skill icon to use a Skill Point on Basic Skills.
Do you understand these battle commands? Now, I will teaching you about monster behaviors and properties, experience gained through battle, and items you can earn from dead monsters.
Do you want some candy? Candy, my precious? Tee hee.
Do you want to enter the school again?
Do you wish
Do you wish to
Do you wish to start Ragnarok Online immediately, or take this personality test course first?
Do you wish to try again?
Do your best and come back safely!
Do your best. It'll be a good experience for you.
Don't be scared, its just an eensy weensy favor. Tee hee~
Don't forget to bring me more Mr.Screams and clock hands if you find more of them!
Don't forget to record everything you've experienced.
Don't forget to underline the important sentences~
Don't forget, this is the first and the last time you'll write a thesis, okay? Tee hee~
Don't give up.
Don't know, don't care~
Don't look at me like that. If you're done speaking, please
Don't touch
Don't use any
Don't wasn't any more time here.
Don't worry about being late, we professors are paid to wait around.
Don't worry,
Don't worry, it'll be short.
Don't you get it?
Don't you worry about the Steal skill causing you to not find any items after you kill them. Using the Steal skill does not at all affect the item drop rate for monsters once they're killed.
Dork. Come back When you decide to join the cool guys, word?
Dragging is when you move your Mouse while holding down the
Due to this disgraceful incident, the 1st Squad was disbanded and
During our final mission,
Each Company consists
Each correct answer will give you 5 points. When your score reaches 80 points, you pass the test.
Each platoon consists of 4 squads. Please specify Company and Platoon for information on a specific squad.^000000
Each property has an opposing property,
Earth, Water, Fire and Wind.
Egni...
Egnigem...
Egnigem?^000000
Eh heh heh~
Eh, I don't really remember it.
Eh...?
Eh? What? Why are you back here?
Elemental properties are varied by monster types
Elven Ears are great...
Elven Ears, would you give me a chance to smith something?
Emblem.
Emma Searth could
Emotion icon List
Entra!
Equipment Window.
Er...
Ergh! This light isn't bright enough for my eyes. They're starting to get sore again...
Ergh...
Ergh...?
Errmmm...
Even after death, we never lose the spirit of combat. It is said that some Orcs that have died unfairly will stand from their graves to seek even more battle.
Even if you are an adventurer...
Even if you don't understand, just pretend and go with the flow, alright? Tee hee~
Even if you have much experience with monsters, you will have a hard time comprehending my lecture.
Even if you may think it's absurdly expensive, it's a justifiable price to pay in order to become a Sage.
Even if you might think it's absurdly expensive, it's a justifiable price to pay in order to become a Sage.
Even my sister says I have to tell the Rogue Guild what I should know, or they won't protect us anymore.
Even the Rogue Guild that
Even though the story of the Yggdrasil tree only exists in myths and legends, 
Even...
Eventually, my reputation as a female Crusader, and being in a respectable military position, was enough to satisfy my family.
Ever think about
Every Orc can recognize him by his distinguished helm with the three horns.
Every monster can be specified by their types, sizes and properties. For example, there are Demi-human, Brute, Holy and Demon property monsters out there.
Everyone in the
Everyone in this training grounds is more than willing to help you.
Everything you'll learn here in the Training Grounds will benefit your gameplay. So just think positive, okay?
Excellent choice!
Excellent!
Excellent! Okay, give me some time to create the 'Blue Fish' hat out of all this fish.
Excellent! Okay, give me some time to create the 'Drooping Cat.'
Excellent! Okay, give me some time to create the 'Lazy Smokie' hat.
Excellent! Okay, give me some time to put this 'Smokie Leaf' together.
Excellent! You brought everything! Please make yourself comfortable while I make you your Teddybear Hat.
Excellent! You must have studed really hard for this test!
Excellent! You seem fully qualified to become a Sage!
Excellent, I admire your enthusiasm. This is a very rare chance to do battle with the strongest Orc Warriors.
Excellent, excellent!
Excellent~
Excuse me, I need to take some Green Herbs. Taking these seems
Excuse me.
Excuse me?
Experience bar is filled, you will earn a Job Level, and a ^3355FFSkill Point^000000. Skill Points are spent to learn skills for your character.
Experience points in Ragnarok Online are indicated by percentage. Base and Job experience are separate from each other.
Failure teaches success.
Fare well.
Farewell.
Feel free to
Feel free to come ask me if you want more hairpins. Hey, I know I look lazy, but I do like to make things for the ladies. See ya later~!
Feel free to come back any time when you need my assistance.
Field Combat Training Course.
Field Combat Training can be actually be pretty dangerous for new adventurers. Let me give you
Field Combat Training is an actual fight class where you can gain basic fighting skills that you can use to defend yourself in Midgard.
Field Combat.
Fill in the blank:
Final mission...?
Final...? What the? I know it happened, but for some reason, all I can envision is a complete blank when I try to think about it.
Finally, DEX also reduces the casting time of spells and skills. Therefore, having some DEX would
Finally, I had only three creatures on my list: the Emu, the Giraffe and the Fish.
Finally...
Fine, fine.
First Job Classes
First of all, the official record of our mission is misleading.
First, I removed Emu, because everyone kept telling me I was spelling it wrong. And as everyone knows, a Giraffe hat would just look ridiculous. So, of course, I chose the Fish.
First, if you're going to enter a single search term, like someone's name, you would enter '^660000lee_hester^000000' if you were looking up 'Lee Hester.'
First, it's possible to move every interface window on your screen by dragging the window. Just click on the window, hold down the mouse button and move your mouse.
First, let me explain
First, there's Jawaii.
First, you place the cursor on a monster. When you left click, you will hit the monster once.
For a critical attack, the start value is 1 for everyone and it's increased by^4d4dff 1^000000 for every ^4d4dff3 LUK^000000.
For a human, accomplishing such a feat is truly astonishing. Through all of that fighting, I'm sure that you have learned both good and bad things about my tribe.
For creating Angel Wing Ears, I need 1 ^4d4dffAngel Wing^000000,
For creating Devil Wing Ears,
For every 10 LUK, you add 1 point to your Perfect Dodge rate. Perfect Dodge is sort of like your Flee Rate. When you perform a Perfect Dodge, the word '^FF7F00Lucky^000000' will appear over your head.
For example, Dagger class weapons do 100 % damage on small sized monsters but only inflict 50 % on large monsters.
For example, if you are at
For example, if you wanted to look up the Crusader 4th Squad of the 4th Platoon of the 4th Company, you would input...
For example, the Fourth Company would be entered as ^6600004th_company^000000. Now... bear with me.
For instance, Maya the queen ant...
For instance, let's say your group go on hunting without a healer. In this case, everyone would consume health restoration items, like potions.
For instance, somebody does damage to a monster while you're already hitting it, and he did the same amount of damage you did.
For more detailed information on skills, go speak to Leo Handerson, one of the assistant tutors.
For more information and knowledge, I hope you will obtain your own experiences in Midgard.
For more information,
For now, I cannot let anyone without special authorization to look through that section. I must find that file and send it to the Prontera military as soon as I can.
For party play, the party master can set the experience distribution to the equally share option.
For some reason, he has a very strong influence in the military hierarchy. Now, by this time, I'm sure the squad pretty much figured out that he killed me.
For someone like you,
For this reason, we do not speak of this proccess as a job change, but as graduation.
For us Orcs, victory in battle is the greatest honor.
For you who are kind of heart, ^696969Acolyte^000000 is the most suitable job.
For you, the observative intellectual, ^696969Mage^000000 is the most suitable job.
For you, who has your own will, ^696969Swordman^000000 class is the most suitable job.
For your information, if you bring ^3355FFOld Magicbook^000000 and ^3355FFNecklace of Wisdom^000000, 
For your information, only
Former leader of
Former member of
Forming a party with people of different classes
Free tickets for Kafra storage and transportation can be used for Kafra storage and teleport services.
Friend List to send whispers
From here, I've seen that Emma
From this menu, choose:
From your natural curiosity
Gaining 2 base levels is required to complete your Field Combat Training. Although the monsters are all weak and easy to kill, I hope you will be careful.
Gambling...!
Gambling? ! Oh man...
Gambling? I love it, you
Geeeet awwwway!
Generally, Passive Skills are skills related to mental or physical training and conditioning. The use of special abilities or attacks are Active Skills.
Geniuses aren't supposed to waste their precious time doing useless things for libraries!
Get away from me!
Gleipnir is said to be so strong that not even the Fenrir Wolf could break it! I take great pride in being able to create this!
Gleipnir is the essence of Megingjard which I have been researching.
Go ahead and put the 1000 Jellopies over there on the table by the skulls.
Go ahead and report me to the judge in charge of all military crimes! He's right behind me!
Go and cross the bridge to the right, right now! ^666666*Ahem*^000000 You'll see and castle, and inside you can meet all sorts of tutors.
Go ask Professor Aebecee for help...He's in the Somatology Laboratory.
Go ask a help from Professor Aebecee. He's in the Somatology Laboratory.
Go ask for help from Professor Lucius. He's in the Monster Museum.
Go ask for help from Professor Saphien. He's in the Lecture Room.
Go away from me!
Go bring following items to me.
Go bring the following items to me.
Go fight with 100 Orc Heroes and bring me the tokens of the battles you have endured. Even if you're an excellent warrior, I assure you this test will be the hardest one you'll ever get.
Go get them. Hurry up.
Go on, sweetheart, and hurry baaack~
Go out, chop chop!!
Go outside and play with the Porings. That's your job.
Go pass the written test with Professor Claytos first.
Go study even harder and come back.
Go study harder and come back later.
Go study harder and try again!
Go visit Professor Hermes for the practical examination.
Go win over 10,000 battles.
God grants us his power so that
Godspeed,
Good day!
Good day,
Good job! I'd reward you with some more experience if your level weren't already this high.
Good job~ Since you passed the practical examination as well...
Good luck,
Good luck, ^A62A2A" + strcharinfo(0) + "^000000 and farewell.
Good luck, kid!
Good luck.
Good!!
Good, let's start immediately.
Good, that's a good decision. I will give this back to him. Muhahahahaha... I didn't expect to see this thing again.
Goodbye, and have a good day.
Gosh! I think I
Got it! Hold on
Got it? Cool~
Got them? Good.
Grand Cross...!
Great Schott...If you don't know, just say so.
Great!
Greetings...
Grrrr...
Grrr~! If you want to listen longer go bring me ^FF00001000 Jellopy^000000 again.
H-how can I not
HP stands for 'health points.'
Ha ha! Hahahahahahaahah!
Haaaaaaa~!
Hah! It's a promise then!
Hah! The only way I will suffer such humiliation would be if you too, lost your dignity.
Hah! You didn't even finish the application process!?
Haha, I have seen many people
Hahah, so my little Novice, what brings you this way? ...I guess you're on a sightseeing trip?
Hahaha, did you say no? Alright then, fine. Scram.
Hahahahaha...
Hanson is waiting
Have a good day.
Have fun.
Have you forgotten
Haven't you left
Having a cat for a hat makes a certain sort of sense if you'll just hear me out...
He knew that he couldn't get
He made it clear to us that only he would wear Megingjard. Although he was our leader, some of us felt uneasy about him wearing the belt and not giving it to his superiors, our mission objective.
He may have responsibility,
He told his superiors that Megingjard was damaged as we
He will decide whether you are qualified to graduate or not.
He's in the left room.
He's the reason
Heh heh heh...
Heh heh heh~
Heh heh! Some risks you take,
Heh heh, It seems you're done with your dissertation.
Heh heh, now ain't that a cute little Novice?
Heh heh...
Heh heh~!
Heh, I like your name!
Heh, but I haven't been lucky enough to win yet. Hahaha~!
Heh. You look like you don't like wasting cash on girls either. I'm down with that. If you like, I can make you a hairpin that you can give as gifts to the ^FF3333ladies^000000.
Heh? You brought all the items~
Heheheh~!
Hello there,
Hello there, young man.
Hello there~
Hello, hello~!
Hello, may I see your
Hello, my name is Seth!
Hello, there.
Hello, there?
Hello, you
Hello, you look to be new here.
Hello~
Hello~? Nice to meet you, tee hee.
Help me give muscles to the world.
Here in the Prontera Castle, we Crusaders are busily preparing for the Holy War that is to come.
Here it is.
Here's my other favor to ask of you. Oh, are those tears of...joy?
Here's the
Here's your Crown of Ancient Queen! I don't know if you can get anyone to bow before you while wearing this, but at least you'll look elegant.
Hey hey! Can I make you a Sea-Otter hat! It's really really really really cute!
Hey kid!
Hey there, tee hee, how's it going sailor?
Hey there. Um...
Hey there~
Hey wait! Come back~!
Hey yo.
Hey! There anything you wanna
Hey, haven't
Hey, that looks pretty smooth! Oh, and uh, you can keep this leftover Stem.
Hey, that's some pretty useful stuff that you've got with you. Do you mind letting me borrow it for a while? It'll help me in finding those files...
Hey, what do you think happens to Crusaders when they're framed and killed, huh? Where exactly do they go? Niflheim, Vahalla...?
Hey, when you enter the Training Grounds, you'll learn all sorts of things that will help you play the game. You'll even have the chance to get zeny and other rewards.
Hey.
Hey...
Hey...!
Hey~ why are you carrying so many items?
Hey~!
Hm, are you the human that was granted status as an Orc Hero?
Hm, are you the human who was granted status as an Orc Hero?
Hm, well to you humans, we may all look the same, but we Orcs can tell each other apart. How about you, human? Do I look the same as every Warrior outside to you?
Hm...
Hm...?
Hm? Do you wish to become a Sage?
Hm? This is serious.
Hm? You don't seem to understand our way of life completely. It's strange that you are so curious about other races, human.
Hm? You don't think you cannot come back to where you originally came, just because now you're an Orc Warrior, do you? Hahahahaha!
Hmm Hm Hmm...
Hmm, did you prepare for class? Let's see...
Hmm, hmm... I see.
Hmm, if you like, I could make you something truly amazing with that ^4d4dffAngel Wing^000000 and ^4d4dffElven Ears^000000 that you have.
Hmm, if you like, I could make you something truly amazing with that ^4d4dffEvil Wing^000000 and ^4d4dffElven Ears^000000 that you have.
Hmm, it seems that you haven't attended the Basic Interfaces class yet. Would you like to attend that class first?
Hmm, the living don't deserve
Hmm. I'm not really allowed to disclose any information related to that file. I'm sorry about that.
Hmm...
Hmm... I am not supposed to reveal anything related to the file.
Hmm... I understand that you want to enter our prestigious academy, but since you chose to live as a different class,
Hmm... Wait a minute!
Hmm... hmm...
Hmm...?
Hmm?
Hmm? So did you find it? I've been searching for that file for a long time, but I haven't been able to find it.
Hmm? What brings you to me? Are you interested in watching monsters?
Hmm? What has happened to you? Where did you leave your dissertation?
Hmmm...
Hmmm...?
Hmmm...then I shall offer a special option!
Hmpf!
Hmpf, I'm not convinced. Are you really the one who gave us our Emblems back? I don't think I can trust you...
Hmpf...!
Hmph. Lucky brat brought all of the items.
Hobbies?
Hocus pocus!
Hocus-focus!!
Hocus~focus!!
Holy Cross is the first manifestation of a Crusader's faith. By making the sign of the cross, Crusader's can inflict a holy attack on their enemies.
Hooray~!
Hopefully, we can get together and do each other's hair sometime! Wouldn't that be soooo much fun?
Hotkey bar on your screen.
How about I make you...
How about it? Are you ready to take this test?
How about...
How am I been doing?
How can I help you?
How dare humans think they're so great?! We Orcs have also made contributions to the world!
How dare you play
How dare you...
How did you
How do you wish to lead your life?
How does it sound? Why don't you volunteer to become a Crusader?
How does that sound?
How have I been doing?
How many times have you fought with monsters?
How may I help you?
How much I hate humans.
How much is he being paid for studying what we all found?! Eh, somehow, I don't care as long as
How the hell did
However, I am sure you will encounter most of the monsters mentioned in my lecture.
However, I know you have the freedom and the time to go wherever you please. I'd appreciate if you would do this for me.
However, I need help in completing my research. Hence, the reason I've told you my story, adventurer.
However, ^ff0000do not use the Fly Wing or Butterfly Wing^000000 in these Training Grounds or you could be stuck here forever. Those items are for when you graduate, okay?
However, as of now, the petition you've just given me is considered classified information. Please keep this a military secret.
However, attacking a monster that somebody already started to hit is not suggested in Ragnarok Online. That action is regarded as ill-mannered behavior.
However, before we get start class, I need you to do me...a favor.
However, due to their weak physical strength, they are only allowed to equip Rods and Knives as weapons, and wear light armor for defense.
However, for a Sage such as myself, the knowledge found in books is most important.
However, if the people you want to protect stray away from you, you cannot use the Sacrifice skill for them unless they are close to you again.
However, if you bring ^3355FFOld Magicbook^000000 and ^3355FFNecklace of Wisdom^000000, you will be exempt from this fee.
However, if you happen to meet a Sage down the road, I hope you will lend him your assistance.
However, it's a very dangerous idea to go deep inside a dungeon alone. 
However, my parents weren't
However, that does not work on the opposite case 
However, the mission failed due to a factional dispute caused by one member's act of insubordination.^000000
However, the records of
However, there are some benefits
However, there is a sign that reads 'Do Not Push' next to a stone that looks strangely like a button on the wall next to you.
However, they still needed an official scapegoat, so they used Royal Myst's name in the records. That's probably why he's been going through hard times right now.
However, this rule applies differently following certain situations.
However, when Crusaders use Grand Cross, they must exercise extreme caution. The human body is too weak to fully embrace the will of God.
However, you made the decision to go through with this test! Still, there's no need to rush it. Life is an endless series of battles, so the combat will come.
However, you must be
However, you will be in trouble if you use the spell in a poorly chosen spot.
However...
Ho~ So? Did you finally complete your dissertation? Well done.
Ho~cus~fo~cus!!
Hrrrm...
Huh. Actually, your Job Level is higher that I thought. I guess you already know the basics about skills then.
Huh. I don't
Huh. What's to think about?! I was gonna use all of my skill to create something special for you. Ah well...
Huh. You've got a lot of nerve, don't you? I'm sorry to tell you this but...
Huh...
Huh...?
Huh...how rude of you! You're expected to introduce yourself to me as soon as I greet you!
Huh? Aren't you supposed to head over to the dean?
Huh? Didn't you understand what I said?
Huh? What are you doing here? You're supposed to be taking the entrance test by now.
Huh? What's that old geezer want this time? Tell 'em I'm fine, dandy even! Why the hell does he keep sending people...
Huh? You're not ready to this class yet!
Human, what are you doing in my home?!
Humans are always invading our village, intruding on our land! They kill our warriors not out of honor, but for selfish human reasons!!
Humans may have built cities and towns, but we Orcs have also created our own cave complexes and canals!
Humans... such annoying bastards!
Hurrumph.
Hurry baaack~! Tee hee~
I actually just teach you how to use your skills. I still live for power, though.
I am Bruce of the
I am Hanson,
I am Professor Hermes, in charge of practical examinations.
I am afraid to say I already informed you of what you need.
I am looking forward seeing you again.
I am looking forward to seeing you again, tee hee~
I am looking forward to the next class with you.
I am not sure if you have business with me, but please come back later.
I am not sure that you're ready to write a thesis.
I am professor Hermes, in charge of practical examinations.
I am proud to say this is my masterpiece. Please take this item. I call it...
I am proud to say this is my masterpiece. Please take this item. I call it... 'Angel Wing Ears!'
I am proud to say this is my masterpiece. Please take this item. I call it... 'Devil Wing Ears!'
I am sorry to say that it seems you didn't bring all of the required items.
I am sorry to say that you are not ready yet.
I am sure it's a very reasonable option for you.
I am the one who evaluates your dissertation.
I am willing to help you learn about the statuses more than anything else, so feel free to ask me about character statuses you
I am willing to purchase those at any cost.
I am wonder
I appreciate that you've delivered news of my old comrades to me.
I asked you to bring ^3355FF30 Stone^000000.
I assume you're ready to submit your work to the dean.
I assumed you were already gone. Since you have already finished the final test and I gave you all the supplies...
I become a Sage or a Scholar.
I believe they can explain in detail what you need to become a Sage.
I better take some Green Herbs now. My head throbs like crazy whenever I think about that time.
I can do in return for
I can do it you want!
I can provide you with the answers. After all, I'm the only member of the 1st Squad to retain all of my memories...
I can see the Jellopy in your hands, and I'm pretty sure you've brought a thousand again, so let's get this over with.
I can talk about this...
I can tell by your eyes, hungering for wisdom.
I can't even imagine the taste.
I can't even remember
I can't even remember.
I can't fathom such stupidity! This question asks you to choose a property that counters water! Don't you get it?
I can't for the life of me
I can't help but feel sorry for that guy, E--
I can't read anything when the light is this dim! It's bad enough my eyes have gone bad...
I can't really tell
I can't remember
I can't remember...
I can't think about anything further than that. I can't even remember what we found. But I'm sure it was damned important.
I can't think about anything further than that. I can't even remember what we found. Three months after that all happened, I've had these head problems...
I could explain more about
I cut Mr. Smile this way~.
I decided to make a hat of that one perfect beast that was immune to the sun, never having to succumb its power.
I desperately need materials to continuing testing so that I can develop a prototype. I'll need ^0000FFClock Hand^000000 from Alarms and ^0000FFMr. Scream^000000 in order to continue my research.
I did a good job, didn't I?
I didn't expect you to return here so quickly. Whatever's inside must be really important for you to know.
I didn't think
I discovered his intention when
I do not like this joke you have played on me human. Still, I refuse to believe that you have really brought ^FF00001000 Jellopy^000000.
I do not think that you can endure much more of this torture.
I don't care how many times you've upgraded the items you brought, but please ^4d4dff carry only items that you need to create this item. I can't mess up my artwork because of some mistake you might make. ^000000
I don't care how many times you've upgraded the items you brought, but please ^4d4dff carry only items that you need to create this item.^000000 I can't mess up my artwork because of some mistake you might make.
I don't know
I don't know if everyone will obey your commands while wearing this, but at least you can feel beautifully regal.
I don't know what I said or did, but I think when I gave them the right answer, after I could finally remember something, they tried to hurt me.
I don't know...
I don't like the way it's tilting. It should have grown in the ^FF3333other^000000 direction.
I don't take 9,000 jellopies you have given to me seriously.
I don't take the 2,000 jellopies you have given to me seriously!!
I don't take the 3,000 jellopies you have given to me seriously.
I don't take the 4,000 jellopies you have given to me seriously.
I don't take the 5,000 jellopies you have given to me seriously.
I don't take the 6,000 jellopies you have given to me that seriously.
I don't take the 7,000 jellopies you have given to me seriously.
I don't take the 8,000 jellopies you have given to me seriously.
I don't think
I don't think so....?
I don't think there is a curse which transforms humans into a totally ugly creature depending on their deeds. So it is difficult to tell which humans are honorable...
I don't think you can become a Sage.
I don't think you can submit your work to the dean.
I don't understand why I am sharing this story about my tribe.
I don't where they are.
I expect great things of you!
I expected you to quit by now. But I was wrong, because you're here once again. We made a deal and I will keep my promise.
I forget how breathtaking the sheer majesty of my body can be. It's alright, take your time, savor the visual pleasure...
I forgot to tell you that I can not only put together a 'Model Training Hat,' I can disassemble it into its original parts.
I found him taking Megingjard apart. Before I could stop him,
I got the chance to join an elite squad. My squad was often assigned difficult missions, and we never failed to complete those.
I guess I must have pumped one of these glorious biceps on accident.
I guess I need something to remind me? I know it happened, but... I'm so confused.
I guess being the life of the party is a bit too much for you, eh? Hmpf. Well, I know a good library in Juno where you can hang out...
I guess that guy left
I guess we should make that mushroom into a headband so that you can adjust it to your style.
I guess you decided to come inside, thinking no one was around, to rest after killing others of my kind.
I guess you don't know what's so special about this particular helm...
I guess you just don't appreciate the value of cowboy heroes, do you?
I guess you're already familiar with the Base Level experience gauge.
I guess you're treading the right path...
I guess you've been through a lot of hard times...I can tell by your appearance.
I guess...
I guess... I need to practice transformation more often. *Sigh*
I happened to come to Juno while I was traveling around the world. Being someplace up in the clouds makes me a little nervous, but still, the scenery looks great from up here.
I hate humans! In fact, all Orcs hate humans! Hate you hate you hate you with a passion!
I have an obligation to this Kingdom to keep my post and
I have no idea how something so important was shuffled into the files here in Prontera Library, but we can't allow the public to access it.
I have some issues to think about..
I have to put together ^0000FF1 Raccoon Hat^000000 and ^0000FF1 Smokie Leaf^000000 to make a ^4D4DFFSea-Otter Hat^000000 for you, though.
I haven't been able to try it yet, because Smokies are pretty heavy and I've got to build up my neck muscles before I can strap a Smokie to my head.
I haven't gotten it to work the way I want to yet. But it's a big leaf! It'll offer some shade.
I haven't had a drink
I hear the Kafra Ladies always travel around the world, something I've always dreamed of doing! Hopefully, one of these days, I'll be able to work for the Kafra Corporation too.
I help you?
I hope my class
I hope to see you later again! May Odin protect you on your journeys.
I hope you
I hope you didn't sell the elemental ores I gave you? Naughty naughty~ Don't you know diamonds are a girl's best friend? Tee hee~
I hope you have at least one Priest friend. Oh, you don't? Well, it couldn't hurt to get friendly with one.
I hope you know the meaning of returning my Emblem. I expect that we will meet again on the battlefield.
I hope you will
I hope you will be
I hope you will find the Yggdrasil tree.
I hope you're having a good time here in Morocc. If you ever question the special abilities of animals, just think of the majestic Desert Wolf that's able to thrive in the harsh Morocc deserts.
I just don't
I just gave you to
I just know
I knew you would succeed!
I know how hard it is to explore all those perilous areas, but it will help you to gain more knowledge.
I know how you humans think...
I know putting a Fish on top of your head doesn't sound like the best idea, but it makes a certain sort of sense if you'll just hear me out.
I know that person.
I know you brought everything you need for me to make you a hat, but you're carrying too much stuff. Why don't you put some of your things in Kafra Storage?
I know, I know, having a Racoon on your head sounds ridiculous, but it makes a certain sort of sense if you'll just hear me out.
I know, I know, wearing a big ol' Leaf on top of your head sounds impractical. But, it makes a certain sort of sense if you'll just hear me out.
I know, I know...
I know, I know...you wanna play with little ol' me. But you should become a Sage first.
I know.
I like folding paper and making origami. I made my mommy a big paper boat, and she gave me a big smile and patted my head!
I like you,
I live for power
I live here, I should know. Still, nothing can beat the Morocc sunset.
I love gambling, you know!
I love this thrilling feeling
I made this hat with all my heart, so you gotta promise me you will take care of this, okay?
I may be too old and weak for fighting, but I will spread our message as much as I can.
I mean, normal people
I might not be able to remember
I miss my Crusaders who
I miss the guys back in the squad. I wonder how our leader's been doing recently...
I miss them...
I must say this is a very cheap price considering the item I will make for you. But before I start, I should tell you...
I must say this is a very cheap price to pay for such a great item. But before I start, I should tell you...
I need 1 ^4d4dffDevil Wing^000000,
I need ^0000FF1 Raccoon Hat^000000 and ^0000FF1 Smokie Leaf^000000 so I can make a ^4D4DFFSea-Otter Hat^000000 for you.
I need ^FF00001 Stellar^000000
I need a bit of a clue?
I need these items to make a Cowboy Hat...
I need...
I neeeeed...
I only remember that it
I really appreciate you coming here to talk to me about the old days. I, I want you to have this.
I really want to give you something to show you my gratitude, but I've got to send this back to the Prontera Military right away.
I really wish that
I refuse to
I refuse to speak to you until I've finished counting all of this Jellopy.
I remember after we found Megingjard. One of us in the squad had a argument with our old leader. I was keeping night watch and happened to hear it. I think our leader was out of line...
I remember after we found it. One of us in the squad had a argument with our old leader. I was keeping night watch and happened to hear it. I think our leader was out of line...
I remember the first time I met her. I guess it was love at first sight. But I was too cowardly to confess my love, so I despaired when she joined the Crusaders.
I see in your eyes that you also fight with a heart of purity, a heart of passion!
I see in your eyes that you have seen many a skirmish. To have survived this long, you must know the secret to victory...
I see that you've completed all the essential courses. Did you speak to the assistant tutors too?
I see, do as you wish.
I see, take your time. You can also take a look around.
I see, then let me guide
I see, you must want to teleport to a town in Rune-Midgarts imediately. First, let me briefly inform you about the different towns and cities in Ragnarok.
I see, you want to join the academy. Once again, welcome to the Schweicherbil Magic Academy.
I see.
I see. Do you wish to become a Sage?
I see. I will not force you to choose what I wish to see you do. I respect your decision.
I see. If you better understand Niflheim's layout, you have a greater chance of surviving and escaping.
I see. In that case, you must be ready for the Field Combat Training Course. Shall I send you there right away?
I see. It's your choice.
I see. You must have brought items with cards or upgrades that you didn't want to lose. Feel free to come back anytime when you are ready.
I see...
I see...Well, seeing as you have leisure time to spare, I encourage you to peruse as many books as you can.
I see...did Metheus tell you something?
I see~
I sense that you are an adventurer with a good heart, and that a sweet girl like you deserves a nice gift.
I set to work immediately, listing all the animals I know that don't take naps in the sun. Then, I removed any animals from the list that I didn't like, especially the ones with really long names.
I shall grant you true
I shall remind you what to bring, in case you have forgotten.
I shall teach you
I still wonder if the Bunny Band would be perfect for GOD-POING.
I suggest you that you experience more battles with the many different Orcs out there. That's the best way of understanding and learning about the Orc tribe.
I suppose that's why I'm here
I suppose that's why I'm working here in the Blacksmith Guild. As weapon quartermaster, I'm obligated to provide supplies for the Crusader forces.
I suppose they're worried
I suppose you left them somewhere behind. Please go get them, and then come back.
I take a Western Grace, add some manliness, um, do some finangling, and Voila~! A Cowboy Hat!
I taught you everything I know. Don't be nervous, you'll be okay~
I think I can
I think I'm going to go
I think it will be more helpful than wasting your time on me.
I think you need this hat more than I thought. You have got to learn to just chill and relax~!
I thought I said
I told you already! The files in this section aren't open to the public right now! Don't make me repeat myself!
I told you already?
I told you to bring me any items related Yggdrasil.
I told you to study Yggdrasil.
I told you to study magic spells that possess certain properties.
I told you to study monsters.
I told you...!
I took 100 Orcish Voucher from you now. Now, fight and fight until you have defeated 10,000 more Orc Warriors so that the whole tribe will have to recognize you!
I understand.
I want my class to proceed
I want to become a Kafra Lady.
I want you to find the members of the 1st Squad in the 3rd Platoon of the 3rd Company. If you happen to encounter them in your travels, please ask them how they are doing.
I was born in a wealthy family where I was raised to learn etiquette, fencing, Peco riding, and music lessons since I was
I was gonna give you some job experience points, but I think you have enough job experience for now.
I was killed. That bastard had
I was thinking...
I was told that it somehow ended in the hands of a human, but I didn't know it was you, the human Orc Hero.
I will assist you in writing your thesis.
I will assist you with your writing.
I will be really disappointed in you if you quit in a challenge you have undertaken.
I will be using the items you've given me so I can continue my work in spreading Indian Headbands, and paying homage to the tribes of Midgard.
I will give
I will give you
I will give you 20 questions, with each question being worth 5 points. When you earn a grade of 80 points, you will pass the test.
I will give you a work of staggering genius. Just make a copy of it under your name.
I will give you these elemental ores...but...they are not for free.
I will give you this ^0000FFKitsune Mask^000000 if you bring me what I asked. How does that sound? Remember, ^0000FF999 ^FF0000Nine Tail^000000.
I will help you in writing the thesis when you bring all of those items.
I will help you to write your thesis when you're ready with all those items.
I will let you have either the elegance of an angel or the charisma of a demon with the wearables only I can craft.
I will make a Drooping Cat right away when you bring all of those items.
I will now give you
I will proceed with the class when you bring those to me.
I will restore
I wish I could go back
I wish I knew what that name really means. I'm sure it's linked to an important memory from my past.
I wish you luck.
I wished for other Orcs to see and understand that not all humans are wicked and selfish.
I won't be able to drink it even if my HP is less than 1.
I wonder how my old
I wonder what they
I would collect these things myself but everytime I go up to the Clock Tower, I can't bear to break the Alarms, and just stare in awe at their mechanical, masculine physiques.
I would not be asking this
I would want to give it to her as a present.
I'd gladly accept your
I'd highly
I'd rather die
I'd wear it myself, if it weren't for the fact that people never look at my face anyway. Everyone I meet seems to be fixated on my chiseled form. But trust me, this mask is pretty cool.
I'll accept your admission.
I'll be doing my
I'll be right here when you decide that you want the perfect hat for laid back, kick back moods. Be cool~
I'll be right here when you decide to crank your life up a notch with a Party Hat.
I'll come back later, kid.
I'll even cast the
I'll go ahead and check the left side, so would you look for it in the middle or the right side?
I'll go ahead and search the right side, so do you think you could search the left?
I'll just be here enjoying the view.
I'll need...
I'll only say it once.
I'll rip your heart out!
I'll say something, and you just write everything down.
I'll see you in a bit.
I'm a good boy!
I'm a little disappointed, but you probably already have a nice hat to keep the sun out of your eyes. Well, if you change your mind, I'll be here.
I'm a master of creating stuffed animals, which make great presents. As we all know, everyone loves to hug cute and cuddly stuffed animals.
I'm always here at this scenic spot so I can enjoy the view. Just come back whenever you feel like it.
I'm busy here! Awright, now
I'm currently in the process of searching for the classified files in that section, so that I can separate it from the information that is public domain.
I'm dead...
I'm done!
I'm down with that.
I'm finished!
I'm getting sleepy
I'm glad to hear
I'm glad to see that there are still kind and thoughtful people like you in the world.
I'm going to
I'm going to give you some useful supplies, so please use them in case of an emergency.
I'm gonna make one for my little sister~! And everybody I love!
I'm gonna win
I'm happy for her. But it's still
I'm here for your questions~
I'm here to provide
I'm in da house!
I'm just pulling your chain!
I'm not even sure
I'm not in the mood
I'm only giving
I'm sending you now.
I'm so s-scared!
I'm sorry "+((Sex == SEX_MALE)?"sir":"ma'am")+",
I'm sorry buddy, but I can't make this item without having the things I need. Remember, I need 1 Angel Wing, 1 Elven Ears and 20,000 zeny.
I'm sorry buddy, but I can't make this item without having the things I need. Remember, I need 1 Devil Wing, 1 Elven Ears and 20,000 zeny.
I'm sorry buddy, but I can't make this item without the stuff I need. Remember I need 1 Devil Wing, 1 Elven Ears and 20,000 zeny.
I'm sorry, but
I'm sorry, but I can't let anybody who hasn't been instructed on fighting enter the Field Combat Training Grounds.
I'm sorry, but you haven't met the basic requirements yet.
I'm the 'Mad Hatter.' Well, at least that's what I call myself.
I'm the 'The Nineball', the security officer of Jawaii! If you encounter any trouble, or find any Singles, please don't hesitate to report to me as soon as you can~
I'm the 'The Nineball, the security officer of Jawaii! If you encounter any trouble, or find any Singles, please don't hesitate to report to me as soon as you can~
I'm the only human on earth
I'm too busy to take care of written tests.
I'm too tired to kill you today, but keep silent! If you're wounded, you can bleed quietly on the floor and die with some honor I suppose.
I'm willing to go over
I've also heard that Kafra Ladies are always traveling around the world, which is something I've always dreamed of doing.
I've been dispatched from Kafra Corporation Headquarters to assist new players such as yourself.
I've been told that there have
I've been watching you in the
I've been working there,
I've created a magic spell that can make mushrooms grow anywhere! Anyplace you can imagine, I can make a mushroom grow there.
I've ever met.
I've got to find that
I've marked the location of the Weapon Shop at ^55FF33+^000000. There's nothing too special over there, though.
I've never been able
I've never known why the King Tristram III ordered the research of godly artifacts. It also bothers me that Rebarev Doug is in charge of Megingjard's research. There must be some reason.
I've prepared some items for you since you passed the personality test. Please take them, you've earned it.
I've worked
I, Jare Riotte will help you to learn about the fundamental
I, Leo Handerson,
I, Leo, am very impressed.
I...
I... I can't really say...
I.... My head...
INT affects your maximum amount of ^4D4DFFSP^000000, ^4D4DFFSP restoration^000000, the ^4D4DFF damage of your magic attack (MATK)^000000 and your ^4D4DFFdefense against magic attack (MDEF)^000000.
If I had a Bunny Band,
If I had some materials, I think I could put together some pretty amazing stuff.
If I only knew more tricks with this yo-yo. Then I could really impress the ladies.
If I somehow connected a Smokie to me, would I become invisible when he becomes invisible?
If a monster happens to have the Undead property, you can use the 'Heal' skill to attack if you happen to have it.
If at least 100 people report the same crime, then maybe he'll hold
If by any chance, you have an Angel Wing or Evil Wing, and
If by chance you do decide to do that, we'll meet again.
If either of the traders presses the 'Cancel' button to the right of the window, the trade will be cancelled.
If everyone in Lutie was wearing a fuzzy Sea-Otter cap, it would look so so cute!
If it's alright,
If it's possible, I hope you can meet the rest of the 1st Squad face to face, so I can know for sure that they're all alright.
If only...
If so, what about the taste of White Potion?
If someone is currently taking the test, please wait until that person finishes.
If that's even a name...
If the Cap you use to make this Beanie was upgraded, any cards or upgrades will be lost once I make this hat!
If the Sakkat you use to create this hat was upgraded, any cards, slots or upgrades will disappear once I make a new hat out of it.
If the Santa Hat you use to create this hat was upgraded or compounded with a card, all those upgrades will be lost. So, to be safe, I suggest you put everything in your inventory, other than the things to make the Party Hat, into Kafra Storage.
If the Straw Hat you use to creating this hat was upgraded, any cards or upgrades in this hat will be lost once I make the Sombrero.
If the Western Grace you use to create this hat was upgraded, any cards or upgrades will be lost once I make a new hat out of it.
If the ^FF0000'Book' and 'Apple of Archer' items you have brought to make a 'Model Training Hat' was ^FF0000upgraded^000000, after I create the hat out of the book, ^FF0000these upgrades, including compounded cards, will be lost.^000000
If there are two people who both did 65 damage on the same monster, the experience points that each will receive differs, depending on the monster's remaining HP.
If you are too lazy to keep left clicking, left click on the monster while holding the '^4D4DFFCtrl^000000' key. You will then continue attacking the monster until one of you is dead, or you run away.
If you are using a ^4D4DFFBow^000000 as your
If you aspire to become a Sage, you must first live life as a Mage. Only then shall you have a chance.
If you bring all of these items, your tuition fee will be reduced from 70,000 zeny to 30,000 zeny.
If you bring the aforementioned items, the tuition fee will be 30,000 zeny, rather than the original 70,000 zeny fee.
If you bring those items, your tuition will be 30,000 zeny, in lieu of the original 70,000 zeny fee.
If you bring those items, your tuition will only be 30,000 zeny, instead of the original 70,000 zeny fee.
If you can't see the entrance, just change your in-game camera angle by holding down the ^3355FFright Mouse button^000000 and dragging your mouse. Easy, right?
If you can't understand, then you must be taking your freedom for granted...
If you carry over 50 % of your maximum weight limit, your HP and SP will not be restored by resting, so be careful.
If you die in the fields or dungeons, you will receive
If you don't wish to do that, you must save some money for the registration fee.
If you fell off
If you give me ^0000FF1 'Model Training Hat'^000000 and ^0000FF1 'Arrow'^000000, I give you ^8C17171 'Apple of Archer'^000000 and ^8C17171 'Book'^000000. So, would you like to disassemble the items?
If you give me any equipment compounded with cards or with upgrades, ^ff0000any upgraded abilities and cards in those items will be lost after I make something out of them.^000000 So, please keep that in mind.
If you give me some stuff, I can renovate some of your old hats so that they really show your personality. Whether you're laid back or a party animal, I'll be able to make a hat just for you!
If you happen to run out of health items while hunting, why don't you ask a Merchant for help?
If you have
If you have any Mage friends, please let them know about this academy.
If you have any questions about Crusaders, feel free to ask me.
If you have any questions, go visit the professor I've assigned to you.
If you have attended the Skill Class, you must have been given the First Aid skill. Drag and drop the First Aid skill icon into the Hotkey bar.
If you have low DEX, the difference between the minimum damage and
If you have some faith and know how to wield a sword, you'll be more than welcome here.
If you help me out, I promise to give you, um...
If you just want to watch monsters here, fine with me...
If you know any Sage candidates, please give them some advice...
If you manage to get cards for that increase your damage upon certain monster properties, or reduce damage from specific monster properties, you'll have a much easier time in battle.
If you move to a town
If you pass the test, you will write a thesis for a given subject.
If you think monsters here are too weak for you, I can send you to another training ground where the monsters are stronger than the ones over here.
If you try anything funny,
If you want
If you want some kinda hairpin, just come back. I'll just be here, looking ^FF3333suaaave^000000 with this yo-yo.
If you want to
If you want to check the weight limit of the items you can carry, check the bottom left of the
If you want to fight, go outside!
If you want to go to a town, ask the Kafra Employee to the right. Alright then, take care~
If you want to make a
If you want to move to a town, the Kafra Lady to the right of me will teleport you. Take care now~
If you want to see me make another one, just bring more Scarlet Dyestuffs and Mr.Smile, okay? Bye bye~!
If you want, I can make one for you too for a small price.
If you wish to challenge me, wait inside the forest at the west. I'm not in the mood to deal with humans right now.
If you wish to leave the arena, please log out from the game.
If you wish to participate in the training grounds, please choose '^3355FFApply for training^000000' in the menu.
If you wish to take an Informative class, please walk around and speak to the various tutors in these Training Grounds. Have a good day.
If you wish to take the test right now, please enter the waiting room.
If you wish, you may rest here. " + orcs_hero_hat2 + " victories over Orc Warriors are recognized by our tribe.
If you'd like me to make another one, please come again. Thank you for visiting the Monster Museum.
If you'd like me to make you another one, please come again. Thank you for visiting the Monster Museum.
If you're a Sage, you're supposed to know about me by now.
If you're completely new to Ragnarok, it couldn't hurt to attend the classes held by the assistant tutors at least once.
If you're granted admission, you will be able to join in study and research activities as a Sage.
If you're here
If you're interested in the Sage class, please come again.
If you're looking for information on a specific squad, you need to know the Platoon and Company it falls under.
If you're new
If you're not sure if you can pass the test or not, why don't you go talk to the Helper to the left one more time? Please come back
If you're not sure if you can pass the test or not, why don't you go talk to the Helper to the left one more time? Please come back when you're ready.
If you're one of them, type the command ^E79E29//nc^000000 in your Chat Window. Then, when you left click
If you're still not
If you've finished writing your thesis, please bring it to the dean.
If you've joined a party or a guild, the Mini-Map will also show you the location of your party or guild members if they are on the same map.
If you've spent enough time in the Morocc desert, I'm sure you also appreciate the value of a high quality hat to beat the heat.
Impress the ladies...?
In Field Combat Training,
In Ragnarok Online,
In Ragnarok Online, Acolytes act as messengers of God in Rune-Midgarts. They possess skills that support their allies, as well as the life saving Heal ability.
In Ragnarok Online, Archers have relatively little HP, but their long range attacks allow them to easily dispatch enemies before the enemy gets close enough to hurt them.
In Ragnarok Online, Swordman generally takes the position of tanker, protecting characters of other classes from being attacked or hurt.
In Ragnarok Online, the Mage takes a heavily offensive role in parties and is depended upon to deal great damage to enemies.
In Ragnarok Online, the Merchant class possesses various economic abilities. Merchants can learn to sell items to NPCs for higher prices, as well as receive discounts from NPCs.
In Rebarev Doug's mind, he
In accordance with the Crusader code, I'm not supposed to lie. So yeah, you can trust me!
In addition, Merchants may rent
In any case, for the sake of Midgard, it will be your responsibility to find the answers.
In any case, you must study the past in order to better understand the present and to predict...the future.
In fact, there's a Kafra Employee just outside of this room. Talk to her, and she'll be more than happy to fully explain Kafra's Services.
In my class, I teach the
In order to be a Sage, you must enter an application to the Schweicherbil Magic Academy.
In order to study manipulation of the natural elements, you should prioritize on having intelligence. Therefore, Sages and Wizards
In order to trade items
In practicing what we preach, Crusaders choose to protect
In reward for your great effort, you will be exempt from the registration fee!
In terms of strength, magic with earth property goes on top of wind property magic! Ho~~
In that case.
In the Basic Info window, your current experience points are displayed in the Base Level experience bar.
In the Equipment Window,
In the Inventory Window, you'll see 3 tabs labeled ^3355FFitem^000000, ^3355FFequip^000000 and ^3355FFetc^000000. Items that can be consumed are under the ^4A708Bitem^000000 tab.
In the Option Window, you can adjust sound, GUI skin, and the transparency of the skin.
In the Party Window, you can click on the ^3355FFFriend^000000 button to see your Friend List. You can use the
In the case of Ghost property monsters, normal weapons cannot do any harm. However, a weapon with any other property will be able to deal out some damage.
In the end, I ended up running
In the end, everyone was transferred to other squads and positions. My name had to be removed from all the records since hearing or reading my name might undo the brain washing.
In the menu, please choose
In the next class, you will write a thesis about Yggdrasil...
In this case, you will receive 2//3 of the whole experience points that monster can give you, the other one will receive 1//3.
In this continent of Rune-Midgarts, there are a lot of unknown places and objects that haven't been fully discovered.
In your Basic Info Window, click the ^3355FFSkill^000000 button to open your Skill Window. You can also press the '^3355FFAlt^000000' and '^3355FFS^000000' keys at the same time.
Indian spirit, forever~!
Insect class monsters do not share the same property most of the time, 
Inside the castle, there is a Basic Interfaces Tutor who can teach you the basics more clearly, okay? Enter the castle to start your training.
Interesting!
Interesting...
Ipore pours the Mushroom Spores onto your head.^000000
Is it really possible for the
Is it that big of a problem?
Isn't it such
Isn't that an Orc Warrior's Helm...?
Isn't the file...
It actually belonged to one of our Orc Lords who was defeated by a human. He was so furious about losing that he broke the middle horn and threw it away!
It can't hurt to practice until you're more comfortable with the basics of battle.
It contains some truth, based
It couldn't hurt to get friendly with an Aco or Priest...tee hee.
It doesn't seem that you've accomplished your goal yet, but I do not expect you to defeat 10,000 Orc Warriors so easily.
It is I, Zhenbolt.
It is decided! If you bring me the following items, I will give you the famous symbol of battle by which villains fear Zhenbolt.
It is not suggested to be too addicted to magic spells.
It is the greatest demonstration of faith,
It looks like you still haven't attended the Item Information class yet. Please speak to the tutor to the very right of this room to attend her class.
It looks like you still haven't attended the ^4d4dffthe Skill information class^000000 yet. Would you like to attend that class first?
It may be an enriching
It might be helpful to know that we were the ^660000Crusader Third Company, Third Platoon, First Squad^000000.
It might be useful or awkward if you're not used to it. But once you're familiar with the Snap function, you will be able to adjust your own snap options.
It might not be a bad idea to let someone like you talk to Cuaque Donon. You don't seem like the bad sort...
It seemed to greatly relieve him from the pain of his headaches.^000000
It seems that the living who wind up in Niflheim are seeking out the witch. But I don't quite understand what's so important about her.
It seems that you haven't attended the Skill Information class yet. Please talk to a tutor to the very left of this room to attend his class.
It seems to me that you have everything. Alright! Shall I make you a Party Hat?
It seems you have too much time on your hands. Okay, I will assign you some tasks.
It shouldn't be that difficult to do and won't be a waste of your time if you are already planning
It takes mad skill.
It takes root all over the continent of Rune-Midgarts and its leaves reach the sky.
It took me a while, but I made up my mind to enlist as a Crusader
It was G-God's sign! But why
It will not take that much time to make this hat, so please wait a moment.
It's a hat for adventure and exploration. Although it's a manly hat like no other, with a manly factor of 9, it also looks great on girls.
It's amazing how so many different animals can live in the desert. I've been spending some time researching the ways of animals, reading books in the Juno Library...
It's been a while I've seen such a determined human such as yourself. Just leave the Jellopy near the bed.
It's been a while since I've last seen you. Have you met the rest
It's better to experience this for yourself, rather than be told about this test 100 times.
It's complete! There you go. I think this one will look really good on you! Please take good care of this hat.
It's done!
It's done! Your new life, as the life of the party, has officially begun. All you need to do is wear this Party Hat. Though, knowing a couple jokes would probably help too.
It's done. But are you okay? Luckily, I don't think I scalped you.
It's far too late to talk about that, though I feel sorry for you for knowing too much. At this point, there's nothing you can prove.
It's for better understanding of Yggdrasil.
It's hurting so bad!
It's impossible for humans to even imitate this special feline skill without the inspiration from this hat!
It's known as the ^FF0000Hot-blooded Headband^000000, my personal symbol of fighting spirit! With this on your head, nothing can stop you!
It's not as cool as having the mushroom actually attached to your skull, but it's all we can do. I'm sorry I let you down.
It's not so hard, isn't it?
It's not! Ha...!
It's okay to study books and magic scrolls all day, 
It's quiet and boring, as per usual. Let's see if there's any Swordmen I can recruit today.
It's really nice to have visitors in the Library, especially when so many people don't read books nowadays.
It's really really cute! Also, it's the only hat I know how to make, because I love playing with Sea Otters so much!
It's remarkable that insects can detect hidden objects.
It's seems you're carrying too much stuff for me to give anything to you.
It's sexy time!
It's strange. When I was
It's the bestest magic ever because it comes from my heart!
It's the only binding strong enough that will allow a human to wear Megingjard around his waist.
It's unreasonable to carry all of your items with you when you don't need them right away. Please use our Storage and keep your items safe and secure.
It's weird, but I need a whole lot of little leaves to make a big one.
It's...
It...
Items given by the other person will appear in the right side of the Trade Window. Always check
Items, such as Seed of Yggdrasil, Yggdrasilbrry and Leaf of Yggdrasil are
Jack O, Emma Searth and The Nineball. Yeah... I wonder what they're all up to?
Job Level 1.
Job Level bar reaches 100 it will be raised by one level and the bar will then reset to 0 for the next level.
Just Like last time, I will speak and you just write down everything I say.
Just bring me
Just come ask me
Just curious?
Just do what I say.
Just don't ask me any questions.
Just like normal DEF, your Magic Defense (MDEF) shows as 2 different numerical values. The MDEF contributed by INT is the second MDEF value displayed.
Just remember those burly, sexay fire fighters, shall we say, putting out that fire with water. Ooh, wet!
Just remember why you don't keep the electric fan around when you're taking a hot bubble bath. Ooh! So electric!
Just remember, this copy needs to stay in the Prontera Library. That means you have to come back if you need to read the document again.
Just remember...
Just think about my suggestion
Just think of burning wood, sprung from the earth, in a cozy fireplace. On the be--oh? I said that already? Oh poopy.
Just think of burning wood, sprung from the earth, in a cozy fireplace. On the bearskin, in the dark~
Just think of how the wind passionately beats against the cliffside near the Lookout Point or Lover's Lane. Tee hee~
Just think! It's the perfect fusion of magic and art, fashion and living life...
Kafra Corporation are scattered throughout the world, providing their convenient services and Storage.
Kafra Corporation is a large, professional company, but
Kafra Corporation.
Kafra Employees of the
Keep an eye on your Basic Info Window and observe the change in your Base Level experience gauge.
Knit this on....
Know this.
Last mission?
Last time, we were
Lastly...
Lastly... if by some chance you discover a way into Asgard in the future, 
Lately, our director has been gone, and we aren't sure when he'll come back. ^333333*Sigh* I can't even remember the last time we got paid.^000000
Leave all your extra baggage somewhere else and come back.
Left click on a spot, and you'll walk over to that spot. Piece of cake, huh?
Lemme make
Let me create one for you right away. Please have a seat and make yourself comfortable.
Let me explain Strength first.
Let me explain about
Let me explain the
Let me explain...
Let me give you
Let me give you a little bit of Job experience points. Open your Skill Window and distribute your Skill Points into ^3355FFBasic Skills^000000.
Let me give you a new one.
Let me go over and review the document before I make a copy...
Let me guide you
Let me introduce myself.
Let me introduce you
Let me make your hat.
Let me rest now...
Let me see.
Let me supply you with some items
Let me teach you the ^3355FFFirst Aid^000000 skill. This skill will help you out a lot when you're in danger.
Let me tell
Let me tell you
Let me tell you about some useful knowledge I learned while working with the Blacksmiths.
Let me tell you everything
Let me transport
Let me...
Let's call it a day, dear, tee hee~
Let's check defense.
Let's complete the application form.
Let's get a groove on!
Let's get started.
Let's meet outside west of the forest, and I'll test your strength again!
Let's not talk about that. What's important that our squad was disbanded because of we failed our final mission. Now, will you please go find ^0000FFThe 3rd Platoon Records^000000 in the Prontera Library for me?
Let's say your attack is displayed as '48 + 1.' That's a total of 49 strength. When you remove the last digit, '9,' we are left with the number '4.' 4 multiplied by itself equals 16.
Let's say, there is a character named 'Z.' Z does 65 damage on a monster that has 100 total HP and gives 1000 experience points when it's dead. So, Z will receive 650 experience points.
Let's see let's see...
Let's see, your name is " + strcharinfo(0) + "...
Let's see.
Let's see...
Let's see... hmm... hmm...
Let's see... let me check your written test grade and the time spent on the practical examination.
Let's spread our love for muscle around the globe!
Let's take a look at
Like anyone who works as a Crusader under my old boss will end up like me. You know... broken.
Like, oh my God! That's what I was thinking! Oh hey~! I can go ahead and tie a ribbon for you if you want!
Like, oh my God! That's what I was thinking! Oh hey~! I can go ahead and tie that ribbon for you if you want!
Listen carefully now...
Listen carefully, I will not accept dozing off in the middle of class.
Listen carefully, I will not accept you dozing off in the middle of class, or any more slacking.
Listen. The three of tutors in this room only teach the most basic information. The courses we teach are meant to be passed quickly.
Listen...
Logically, any magic spell possessing the water property cannot overcome the water atrribute monsters!
Look, you don't need me to explain how cool a Sombrero is. It's just one of those things that everyone naturally knows. So I know you want one.
Lots of people have been coming
Luck (LUK) affects the chance
Luck is a good thing to have, but that doesn't mean you need it before everything else.
Luckily, the Crusaders were advertising their recruitment at the time, so I took that chance. Plus, having military experience might even help me join Kafra!
Lutie, the winter land,
Magic with earth property is strong against wind.
Magic with earth property is weak against fire property! Tee hee~
Magic with fire property is strong against earth
Magic with fire property is strong against earth property! Tee hee~
Magic with fire property is weak against water property! Yes~
Magic with the wind property is weak against earth property!
Magic with water property is strong against fire
Magic with wind property is strong against water
Make sure you keep the items I've given you handy, and that you equip all of your armor, alright? Now, take care.
Make sure you're ready for the practical examination during my lecture.
Man and mushroom?
Man, I'm so jealous of the instructors in the Field Combat Training Course. Teaching basic information is just soooo not as cool as beating stuff up.
Man, oh man~
Man...
Max Von Shedough
May God be with you in battle!
May God be with you.
May God bless you so that you can choose the path best for you...
May a fresh
May the heavens
May you always shine with
Maybe not~
Maybe you can venture around
Maybe...
Me gustaria
Me? I'm Shion!
Me? Yeah, I'm always busy recruiting future Crusaders.
Me? Yeah, I'm not doing so bad. Keeping busy recruiting future Crusaders. We welcome all
Member Roster
Memory Bookmark
Menu buttons.
Merchant Lady in Morocc is also as cute as YuPi.
Midgard is where all human beings live.
Midgard, Jotunnheim, Naffleheim.
Midgard, where humans live in,
Mister...?
Mistress, the queen of hornets,
Money talks.
Monsters are separated by their size: small, medium and large. There are a few cards that allow you to do more damage to
Monsters are separated by their size: small, medium and large. There are a few cards that allow you to do more damage to a specific monster size.
Monsters that are weak against holiness, particularly the Undead, will be blinded by the light of the Holy Cross. All they can do is wait for holy judgment.
More specific information can be found by searching ^9966331st Squad^663300.
Morocc, the desert city,
Most fish class monsters live underwater, so they are attributed with the water property.
Most fishes are attributed with the water property. Therefore, they are weak to wind property magic spells. Don't you get it?
Most likely, they will have some spare items and would be willing to share with you if you ask nicely enough.
Most of the members of the 1st Squad were transferred to other squads or retired. Their former leader, Rebarev Doug, is currently in charge of researching godly artifacts under royal edict.^000000
Mouse button after clicking on something.
Move!
Ms. Leilah is my idol,
Mt.Mjolnir where spiders live,
Muhahahaha~
My duty is to assist you by teaching information about each First Job Class, so that you can decide which job you want to be.
My family always expected
My head hurts...
My head!
My my...
My name is Emma Searth. Right now, I'm following my dream and applying to be a Kafra Lady. So my days of wielding a sword are over.
My name is Lucius Celsus, the expert of Biology.
My name is Max Von Shedough,
My name is Max Von Shedough, the military judge! Do you have any business with me?
My name is Max Von Shedough, the military judge! Sadly, even we Crusaders are not immune to corruption...
My name is Saphien Layless, I will be in charge of your class for a while.
My name is Shion.
My old comrades in arms.
My parents insisted that
My sister told me not to tell anyone, but I'm gonna tell you...
My specialty is the 'Teddybear Hat.' When it's worn, it makes you as cute as a teddy bear, and your hugs twice as warm and cuddly.
My wife was killed as a victim of human greed, probably skinned for her fabulous pelt...
N-never mind...
Naturally, I opposed him. He was clearly unbalanced, and it would be dangerous to give him control of such power. It led to something of a fist fight between us.
Needless to say, they have brought shame and disgrace to our tribe.
Never forget that once you also used to be a novice.
Next, you will take an entrance test.
Next, you will take the entrance test.
Nice choice~!
Nice~!
Nine hundred ninety-eight...
Nine hundred ninety-nine...
No matter how much I explain, the ignorant never fully understand the importance of our task. The balance of power will shift when we least expect it!
No matter what you decide to be, everything depends on your choice.
No problem, just be sure to understand our precautions well, okay?
No problem, take your time.
No problem.
No result has been found.
No thanks.
No, no, no~
No.... Not again!!
Nobody has the right to tell you what you can or cannot do. Please keep them as a memory of your victory.
Nobody knows why Red Potion tastes like strawberries.
Not all fish class monsters possess water property, but most of them do.
Not bad at all.
Not everyone is fortunate to have a magnificent, flawless physique. There are people in this world that have tragically lost appendages in accidents.
Novices. So would you
Now I can use this Mr.Scream and all these clock hands to continue my testing.
Now I need to decide what subject you will learn and study...
Now I remember: He was
Now I won't have to
Now get out of here, you horrible stinking, poor excuse for an animal!!
Now it's time for the practical examination.
Now now, you do understand that I have to make the mushroom grow out of your head. Anywhere else, you could suspect that there's some kind of trick or illusion involved.
Now that we've met, is there anything I can help you with?
Now that you
Now where was I?
Now why am I in human form again?
Now you can wear
Now you can wear this hat, feel cool, and relax with style.
Now you know how to fight
Now! Go for it!
Now, AGI only relates to normal Flee Rate. Perfect Dodge is another factor that determines success in dodging attacks, but we'll talk about that when we discuss
Now, I need to continue my research under the command of his Majesty.
Now, I need to continue my research under the command of his Majesty. Once again, thank you for your help.
Now, I understand how you feel. Since you graduated, you have become a Sage. A Sage...until the end of your days.
Now, after all our adventures and good times together, I'm in the worst possible scenario.
Now, at the bottom of the Skill Window, the number of remaining Skill Points that you have is displayed.
Now, don't forget!
Now, double-click
Now, everyone needs a Sombrero. They're one of the most versatile hats in existence. You can wear them to formal events, you can wear them while napping, you can wear them just to hang out...
Now, go for it!
Now, go!
Now, go, warrior! I believe that you have a chance to succeed. Fight with 100 Orc Heroes, and I will grant you, a human, recognition as an Orc Hero!
Now, hurry
Now, if a human were to wear
Now, if you want
Now, if you want to listen some more, go bring me
Now, let me explain
Now, let me explain each interface window according to their default positions on your screen.
Now, let me give you some different questions. Please relax and take it easy, and choose the answer that suits you best.
Now, let me send
Now, let me tell
Now, let's check how many points you got.
Now, make one last choice. What would you do with those Heroic Emblems? They might not be valuable to you humans, but for Orcs, they are treasured by those who own them.
Now, one of the most important interfaces is the ^3355FFMini-Map^000000, located at the upper-right of your screen.
Now, open your Skill Window
Now, please right-click the Basic Skill icon. You will then be able to read a brief description of the Basic Skills.
Now, that's a good decision. You won't get any many chances to get free stuff and experience in the future. You better make the most of this opportunity while you can!
Now, that's a good idea. Please talk to Cecil, the tutor at the far left side of this room, okay?
Now, the equipment you wear reduces damage from enemies by a percentage of the total damage, where VIT reduces by a set amount. That's why Defense is displayed with two numbers.
Now, the first number
Now, the records say the mission was unsatisfactory, correct? That would be because of me.
Now, try it!
Now, we were secretly assigned
Now, we will recommend a suitable job for you after analyzing the results of your personality test. Please wait a moment.
Now, what would
Now, where was I?
Now, why don't you speak to Edwin? He will teach you more regarding the basic use of Skills. Ah, and let me give you a small present: a Tattered Novice Ninja Suit!
Now, would you click the ^4A708Bitem^000000 tab in the Inventory Window? I just gave you a Novice Potion. You can drink it by double-clicking it. Go ahead, try it!
Now, you know that whenever
Now, you may go back to where you have come from. Come drop by whenever my tribe comes to your mind.
Now, you will study Yggdrasil.
Now, you will study magic skills that have certain properties.
Now, you will study monsters.
Now, you're writing your thesis.
Now...
O-okay...
O...kay then.
ONE THOUSAND.
Of course for this skill, we do have a very convenient option for lazy people too. Type the command ^E79E29//ns^000000 in your Chat Window.
Of course, I can make an item
Of course, I understand that
Of course, if you want to be a Sage, you must first enter the academy.
Of course, since we're on a trial period, we can only provide 3 monster accessories to our fans. However, according to your response, we may add more monster accessories in the future.
Of course, you
Of course, you can type ^4D4DFF//bawi^000000, ^4D4DFF//bo^000000 and ^4D4DFF//gawi^000000, which mean rock, paper, scissors in Korean, into your Chat Window.
Oh by the way, there's some stuff left over. I guess you should hold onto it. You know, in case you need it later.
Oh dearie, don't be nervous...where's your sense of adventure?
Oh gosh...Sorry, I thought I had some...
Oh look at this
Oh nice to meet you again, long time no see.
Oh no. I'm sure he might
Oh right, why humans are scum.
Oh right.
Oh righty, we should start class. Tee hee~
Oh shut up, you brat. Don't be so sure about yourself.
Oh sorry, I'm quite busy at the moment...
Oh sorry, this is a rather inconvenient time to converse.
Oh wait! Please check one thing before we start.
Oh wait. You're much higher in level than I thought. Still, I'm proud of you!
Oh well, I believe you did a good job with the task.
Oh well, I told you to be careful. Cheer up! It's not a big deal.
Oh well, although you have become a Sage, you're just doing the same thing, tee hee...we're mages down to the core!
Oh well, it's not that hard. Give it your all, okay?
Oh well, there's no harm in showing me your dissertation though...
Oh well... listen carefully this time.
Oh well...what a shame: You failed.
Oh what a shame: You failed.
Oh! Hello, you're new here.
Oh! So you brought me the Yggdrasil Seed?
Oh! You brought all of them! Now I shall make you an Indian Headband of your very own.
Oh! You finally brought what I've asked, human. Okay, now I can bring her back to life!
Oh, I almost forgot!
Oh, I do remember something!
Oh, I guess you don't have enough money?
Oh, I know why you
Oh, I see you've taken my advice and have been meeting many other Orcs through battle.
Oh, I see... you're just excited because you finally became a Sage? Tee hee~
Oh, I'm glad to hear that
Oh, I'm sooo excited too! Tee hee~
Oh, You're a Mage. How may I assist you?
Oh, an adventurer! I actually used to work in the same field that you do. More specifically, I used to be a Crusader.
Oh, and I have a bit of a secret...! I hear the Inn's owner is planning some kind of shady business. It's some sort of major project, but don't let anyone know I told you!
Oh, and before you leave,
Oh, and don't you worry about my skill! I'm pretty well known among Blacksmiths for my talent, and my knack of making great things out of junk.
Oh, and if you don't answer immediately, the test will be cancelled.
Oh, and my sister said she's
Oh, are you done with the dissertation?
Oh, can you wait a little bit? I need to do something before we start. Tee hee~
Oh, did you bring them with you? Excellent!
Oh, did you finish already? Well done.
Oh, do you?
Oh, don't worry. It's almost done.
Oh, hello. You're back.
Oh, here's the leftovers. Mommy says that we should always save things. Heh heh~
Oh, it doesn't matter anyway. You wouldn't be a Sage without graduating from this academy...
Oh, it's the end of the class~ tee hee.
Oh, one more thing, don't confuse yourself with Sohee and commit suicide!
Oh, poor dear. Did you already forget what I told you? Do you want me to remind you? Not a problem, tee hee.
Oh, poor dear. Did you already forget what I told you? Do you want me to remind you? Tee hee~
Oh, right, this arrow from the Apple of Archer is left over, so you can go ahead and take that.
Oh, right, you mentioned that, didn't you? It doesn't seem seem
Oh, right.
Oh, you are so kind!
Oh, you are...
Oh, you came back.
Oh, you used a ^3355FFButterfly Wing^000000, didn't you?
Oh, you've mastered the Mage job! You're great!! *Clap Clap Clap*
Oh. Oh God.
Oh...
Oh... I see.
Oh... it's you again.
Oh... man. Everyone needs a Party Hat! Even boring types get jazzed with pizazz wearing one of these!
Oh? It seems that you're carrying some valuable stuff with you.
Oh~
Oh~ how sweet! You brought some Holy Water~ thanks honey~
Oh~ how sweet! You brought them all~ Oh thank you~
Oh~ how sweet! You brought them all~ thank you~
Oh~! I'm sorry!!
Oh~~! You know how I feel about Alarm's beautiful mechanic muscle! I am glad to have met someone who shares my good sense of taste.
Okay okay...
Okay then, I will need...?
Okay then, then I'll need...
Okay then, what is Yggdrasil?
Okay, I am ready...
Okay, give me some time.
Okay, here's the deal.
Okay, hold on a bit.
Okay, is there anything you want to talk about?
Okay, it's almost done...
Okay, let me check your answers and add up your score.
Okay, let me teach you about insect monsters.
Okay, let's complete the application form.
Okay, let's get started!
Okay, no problem.
Okay, now
Okay, now I am starting the class.
Okay, now let's move
Okay, now you can show the dean your thesis~
Okay, now...
Okay, please gather these items so you can write the thesis, dear~ Tee hee~
Okay, take this~
Okay, there's no need to wait.
Okay, there's no need to wait. Let's start right away
Okay, would you like to go through another test? It may reduce all your effort in coming here to nothing. Even seasoned Orc Warriors fear taking this test.
Okay...
Okay... I will tell you a little bit more then.
Okay~ so its now or never~ tee hee~
Okay~! That's all for the test. You've finished all the Training Grounds courses. Congratulations!
On behalf of
On behalf of the Comodo Indians, I give reverence to all Indian Tribes!
On the right side
On the right side of the
On top of the human head...
On your stat window, your defense is displayed as DEF. Two numerical values are shown, and the second number reflects the addition to your defense by your VIT.
Once again, human, you've managed to infuriate me. But we Orcs are a proud race. I shall fulfill my part of this pathetic deal.
Once it is 100 % full, you gain an experience level, and the gauge is reset to 0.
Once the mission was completed, Rebarev Doug reported back to the Prontera Military with the intent of keeping most of Megingjard for himself.
Once the trade is confirmed,
Once upon a time, Orcs and humans were allies. I... I miss those times. But it's no use to long for old comraderies. It's impossible to clear up such misunderstandings from ages ago...
Once you become a Mage, you can use the 'Rod' that has been given to you. It will be very useful during your early days as a Mage.
Once you open a Chat Room,
One day, I happened to see Ms. Leilah at work here in Al De Baran. She was shining with confidence and commanded respect, even from her customers!
One of the greatest benefits of being a Swordman is having an enormous amount of HP, meaning they can more easily withstand damage from their enemies.
One of these days you'll look back to this moment and realize it changed your life.
One who has a Seed of Yggdrasil,
One whose life has many possibilities... 
One...
One... One thousand.
One... T-two...
Only 3 of them worked for me. Tee hee~
Only pertinent uses of magic, as well as rest
Only the best Crusaders are selected to form the ranks of all squads in the 3rd Company. Most transfer records for 3rd Company Squads are unavailable.^000000
Ooh! Bring...
Ooh! To do that I need
Ooh, hurry hurry! I can't wait to accessorize your hair!
Ooh, your proof of registration was expired. But that's okay, I'll just give you a new one! There you go.
Ooh... Finally!
Ooh~! You know what would make your hair so much cuter? I think if you tied it back with a big, red ribbon, you would look sooo ^FF66CCadorable^000000!
Oooh yeah!
Oooh, looks like you've got a tasty beverage I can enjoy. Bwahahaha! Gimmie~!
Oooh~!
Open your Inventory Window
Open your Skill Window ('Alt' + 'S') and click the '^3355FFLv Up^000000' button next to the Basic Skill icon to allocate a Skill Point to your Basic Skills.
Or do Marina and Plankton team up to start a fight with you?
Or will you give me ^3355FFOld Magicbook^000000 and ^3355FFNecklace of Wisdom^000000?
Orc Hero!
Orc Tribe.
Orc Warrior status!!
Orcs never restore health during battle using your silly medicines. Hmpf. Humans can be so weak, drinking bottles of Potion to keep up in a fight. Oh well, though, I'm not sure if you're the same.
Orcs that have proven to have good sight and dexterity are given bows and arrows and become Orc Archers.
Other classes are just as important to the welfare of Rune-Midgarts...
Otherwise, if you want to skip the basic training and immediately enter the world of Ragnarok Online, please choose '^3355FFDirect access to Ragnarok Online^000000.'
Ouch, why are you carrying
Ouch...!
Our Teleport Service is safe and comfortable, and will allow you to fully explore the various lands of the Midgard continent.
Our convenient Storage Service
Our knowledge is the mainspring of activity which helps the kingdom to be developed faster.
Our last subject
Our next subject
Our old leader was
Out of all the Job Classes, the Swordman class benefits most
Outside of this continent, there is a ocean where a giant snake named Yormungandr is coiled up.
Party Hat! It's a Santa Hat I've remade by adding colorful paper for a festive look. Celebrate good times with a Party Hat! Come on!
Passive Skills, such as the aptly named 'Basic Skill,' cannot be dragged into the Hotkey bar because Passive Skills are always in effect and don't need to be activated.
Pelea y hazte mas fuerte! Mira hacia un manana mas brillante!
People who are at job jevel 40 as Mage class are qualified to apply for enrollment.
People who have already met the basic requirement by reaching at Mage job level 40 are qualified for enrollment.
Phew! It's done!
Phew! Success! There's a mushroom growing out of your head!
Phew! There you go.
Please adventurer...
Please answer
Please answer me.
Please be careful!
Please bring all those items with you.
Please bring it to me so that you may pass the test.
Please bring me ^3355FF30 Stone^000000, that's all.
Please bring the following items to me.
Please bring the following items to prepare for class.
Please bring...
Please check your
Please check your inventory
Please check your inventory to see if you have received all the supplies listed. Let me briefly inform you about the items you've received.
Please choose
Please choose the
Please choose the word
Please click the Menu buttons
Please come
Please come again~
Please come back
Please come back later. I apologize for troubling you.
Please come back.
Please do not use
Please do your
Please gather the following items.
Please get those as soon as possible, and I'll be here making the other preparations to make a copy.
Please go back to the world
Please go study more and reach Mage job level 40 first.
Please go study more, and then come back to enroll.
Please handle this with care, because you won't be able to do this ever again.
Please hurry up, tee hee.
Please keep this in mind: you must study and record everything you've discovered so that all in the kingdom may benefit.
Please kill as many monsters as you can to increase your base level at least 2 times.
Please make arrows using these items and bring them to me, pretty please~
Please make sure that you have the required items and money.
Please make sure you
Please make sure you have at least 70,000 zeny to enroll in classes.
Please put your signature here.
Please reconsider
Please record the articles you've learned today, and try to remember as much as you can.
Please speak
Please take care of the equipment you've received through the training courses. Once you lose the equipment, you can never get them back.
Please understand that
Please visit Professor Claytos in the left room.
Please visit Professor Claytos.
Please visit professor Claytos.
Please visit the Schweicherbil Magic Academy.
Please wait a moment while I put this together.
Please wait one moment.
Please, I beg you,
Please, take heed!
Please, take your time.
Pretty cool, eh?
Pretty cool, huh?
Prontera is the capital of the Rune-Midgarts kingdom, and its satellite, Izlude, is closeby.
Prontera, the capital of Rune-Midgarts.
Pure, unbridled rage!
Ragnarok Online
Ragnarok Online website:
Ragnarok Online.
Read some documents?
Rebarev Doug based on
Rebarev Doug with the
Rebarev Doug...?!
Red Potion is rumored to be made out of Porings
Red Potion is rumored to taste like strawberries.
Reflect upon your past.
Register your application and take the written test first.
Regrettably, it seems that he still has too much influence. Still, let me assure you that I'll do everything I can...
Remember though, that in the case of Equipment, each item takes up one Inventory Slot. The maximum number of items that can be placed in Kafra Storage is 30,000.
Remember, bring me...
Remember, it might be helpful to ask the librarian for the file with a record on ^660000the 1st squad's final mission^000000.
Remember, this test is only to check your personality, there is no set standard for right and wrong. Now! Let's begin the test!
Remember, you must reach at least job level 40 to become a Sage.
Right-click on the person
Right.
Rock, Paper, Scissors
Royal Myst dips his hand into your inventory and helps himself to an Alcohol.^000000
Rune-Midgarts Kingdom.
Rune-Midgarts, where humans live,
S-she's my sister.
SP stands for 'spell points.'
Sadly, I haven't succeeded yet because I was diagnosed with
Sage job change...hmm...an interesting turn of phrase, I must say.
Sages are those who promote the development of this continent through the endless studying and recording of all knowledge related to this world.
Schwarzwald, Jotunnheim, Niflheim.
Schwarzwald, where citizens live.
Schweicherbil Magic
Search Magic on it, so that it'll be just like the original. All right, I need the following things to make a copy...
Secondly, after you finish the course we will suggest the job class that seems best suited to your personality and teleport you to a town where you can change into the job we suggested.
Seeds or fruits of the tree would be good. I know it's difficult to find, but please try.
Seeing as you understand this fundamental, I recognize you as an ally in the eternal struggle for justice! I shall bestow upon you the very symbol with which I have struck fear into evil hearts...
Seize the day.
Seth will wait for you here. Promise me you'll come back?
She carried herself like a professional, no matter what the situation. Even though I knew she was tired from working in the summer heat, she made everything look effortless!
She looked really sad when she
Show me your respect
Show me your respect if
Show this masterpiece to the dean.
Show your opponents your indomitable spirit. Take pride in being a human that has been given the title of Orc Warrior!
Sigh...they are all fishes and possess water property.
Simply bring the required materials, and pay a small fee, and we will provide you with the monsters accessory of your choice.
Since I did so well in Boot Camp,
Since I have worked under a dim light for a long time, my eyes have gone bad.
Since I've been staying here in the Blacksmith guild, I'm trying to better understand Blacksmiths and develop a deeper appreciation of their work.
Since the use of skills is integral to survival in Midgard, I strongly suggest that you attend the class. Come, I shall guide you there.
Since you are the victor of those battles, you have every right to keep them. But you could also return them to the Orc Heroes, meaning that you wish to meet them in battle once again.
Since you can only carry so many items at once, you'll eventually run out of potions.
Since you're such a cutie, I'll put together a nice little hairpin for you. All you gotta do is bring me the stuff to make it.
Skill Window is open,
So I am trying to research a method to reproduce Ruimetto, except in a smaller form for the human body. If I'm successful, it would be a medical miracle!
So I learned from an issue of 'Funtime Kid Science' at Juno Library that different colors absorb or reflect sunlight.
So I was reading some issues of 'Funtime Kid Science' at the Juno Library, and read about animals that take naps under the sun when they feel really hot.
So I was thinking...
So did you distribute the skill points to your Basic Skills? You'll need to master the Basic Skills eventually, so it's a good idea.
So did you meet them?
So don't expect me to talk to you.
So get on out there cowboy and hurry back~ Tee hee~
So get out of my house!
So go ahead and tell me what kinda hairpin you're interested in.
So go for it!
So how may
So how's it going with the studying?
So if you have 40 AGI and you're at Base Level 30, your Flee Rate would be 70. It's so simple! Following the Flee Rate formula, your flee rate will be a total of 70.
So long as you make the effort, you should achieve good results.
So now I'm experimenting with invisibility. I've tried using a human sized Smokie Leaf to become invisible, but it didn't really work yet. So I got to thinking...
So now my sister's been hiding
So of course I need a practice Smokie to wear on my head before I'm ready for the real thing.
So please move on.
So the physical attack bonus is 16. Now, if you had a total of 50 STR, the attack bonus would be 25. And if your STR is 100, your attack bonus would be 100.
So this is what I need to make a Sombrero...
So what brings you here? If you're looking for something in particular, you should try another section.
So what do you think?
So what kind of business brings you to me?
So when you decide to give your life a boost with rustic style, come back to me with those items so I can make you a Cowboy Hat.
So which kind of magic would work best on most fish class monsters?
So would you like to accept our recommendation, or would you like to choose a job on your own?
So would you like to create the Model Training Hat right now?
So, I got the cutesy present junk down. You know, instead of like, spending money on like a real gift, I make these little hairpin thingees.
So, I must give you - 10 points, " + strcharinfo(0) + ".
So, I want you to bring...
So, are you aware of the subject you're studying?
So, be strong and independent. Try to explore some places where nobody else has ventured to go.
So, did you study harder this time?
So, do you think you can get all of them? I will be here waiting for you.
So, do you wish to apply immediately?
So, don't go around regretting why you chose a job other than Sage. You'd better go out and hunt, leveling up your current job.
So, go outside and fight.
So, have you come to attend
So, what do you need today?
So, would you like to accept our recommendation or would you like to choose a job on your own?
So, would you like to be sent to a town? If you're confident that you've learned enough, head over to the right and speak to the ^3355FFKafra Employee^000000.
So...
So...aren't you happy to be with me, dearie? Aren't you gay? Tee hee~
So...do you even know what Yggdrasil is?
So...do you have the time? I'm kidding, girlfriend!
So? Do you think you've learned a lot? You can thank me, honey!
Some insects form a group and live together.
Some may think it grotesque, but wouldn't you agree that sporting a mushroom, grown from your head, would start an art revolution?
Some of the information
Some other crap and
Somehow the monsters that drop those items have something in common.
Somehow, I feel like we were
Sometimes, I get really
Sometimes, a few Orcs are born among us, possessing phenomenal strength and talent. It is rumored that they could compete with 10,000 warriors at a time...
Sometimes, even I can't believe how much this body of mine ripples with sexy love muscles~! I can barely hold them all in...
Sorry, but I don't think I heard
Speaking of which,
Still in the mood to talk?!
Still, it's discouraging. I haven't heard anything from them...
Still, that file doesn't seem to be that important, but I still have to waste my time on finding it...
Still...
Stop bugging me
Stop interrupting me, leave!
Struggling, are you?
Study diligently, and return when you finish your dissertation.
Study with diligence!!
Such beautiful hair! I'm sorry, it's just that I love pretty hairstyles, and accessories!
Supplying your party in this way would let you hunt with less worry. For that duty, the Merchant class would be the best by using their Carts.
Sure, you can submit it to Dean Kayron.
Swordman is an expert in wielding Swords. They can also use Spear weapons, but typically you don't see Spear wielding Swordmen
Swordman is an expert in wielding Swords. They can also use Spear weapons, but typically you don't see Spear wielding Swordmen very often.
Swordman possess strong physical strength, allowing them to equip heavy armor and weapons. Most weapon classes, except for bows and rods, can be equipped by the Swordman class.
Swordmen if they show potential~
Swordmen possess strong physical strength, allowing them to equip heavy armor and weapons. Most weapon classes, except for bows and rods, can be equipped by the Swordman class.
Tah dah!
Tah dah~!
Take a look at this face.
Take care now~!
Take care, kiddy.
Take it easy.
Take it from me, boys like him won't wait for you forever, tee hee~
Take this
Take this! The items you have brought will be very useful for continuing my work in spreading headbands around Midgard.
Take this...
Talk to me again after you've freed up some of your inventory space by putting some of your things into the Kafra Storage.
Talk with humans?!
Tavern is at ^3355FF+^000000. They only sell drinks to the dead, though...
Tear this off...
Tee hee, I am the Professor in charge of you, Abecee George.
Tee hee, hello there! What brings you here again, sweetie?
Tee hee, so... are you done with your thesis? What do you think of your work? I think you did fine~
Tee hee, you naughty stone~
Tee hee~ yes! Yes! I am the best teacher in the world! Oh, I am on fire! Tee hee~
Tell me when you're ready!
Tell me when you're ready, yeah?
Tell me when you're ready.
Tell you what. I've learned a lot studying about animals, so if you give me the right materials, I'll make you a ^3355FFtruly great hat^000000.
Thank you for
Thank you for applying for Novice training. For detailed information of each training course, please inquire the Guides for assistance.
Thank you for using my service~!
Thank you so much!
Thank you, God, for granting me with the power to protect my people.
Thank you, let
Thank you, your application has been accepted.
Thank you.
Thank you. Feel
Thank you...
Thank you~
That Orc will have stronger physical strength and abilities than normal Orc Warriors. These warriors are known as High Orcs.
That is a good subject which helps us to recognize changes in the world, as well as the direction of its improvement.
That is a good subject which helps you to deeply understand of the truth of magic.
That is the end of today's class.
That is, after all, our original policy.
That name makes
That old coot must be afraid
That place is rumored to be covered with a thick, black fog.
That section
That sort of thing is simple for me!
That sounds great!
That still doesn't explain anything!
That stuff is great for faking injuries, or hiding a bald spot. Handy to have when you wanna ditch school.
That sword can tear the sky, sever the earth and make a waterfall flow backwards.
That wasn't too difficult. I hope you wear this hat everyday to improve your posture.
That's 1000 Jellopies!
That's a great choice!
That's all I can remember.
That's all I need.
That's all for
That's all you need to have the coolest hat ever.
That's almost too
That's easy!
That's enough for today!
That's funny, I thought you would have that Mr. Scream mask and all those clock hands by now...
That's how you live.
That's it~! We're done! Oh, I just know you're going to look precious wearing this.
That's just one of the gifts from Yggdrasil.
That's right, Lightening Bolt, which possesses the wind property, works best on water property monsters.
That's right, you might be too young to know about that. Listen, if you want to move to a town, speak to the Kafra Lady to the right, okay?
That's right. Yggdrasil, the so-called 'World Tree', 
That's so much Jellopy!!
That's the end of my class...it's time for you to write a thesis.
That's the end of the conversation for today.
That's very
That's weird. Maybe
That's who you are!
That's why I've created this Racoon Leaf, in an attempt to imitate Smokie's uncanny invisibility powers.
That...
The 'Teddybear Hat' can't be worn by just anyone, since it's cuddling powers are easily abused.
The '^3355FFSend to All^000000' option
The '^3355FFSend to Party^000000' and '^3355FFSend to Guild^000000' options allows you to send messages to only members of your party or guild, regardless of how far they are.
The 1st Squad : Crusaders.
The 1st Squad of the 3rd Platoon is an exception, as all members retired or were transferred to other forces. More specific information can be found by searching ^9966333rd Platoon^663300.
The 1st Squad was famous as the most skilled search party within the Crusaders. However, it was disbanded as a result of its final mission.^000000
The 1st Squad was secretly
The 3rd Company : 
The 3rd Platoon : 
The 3rd Platoon is considered the elite force in the 3rd Company. Only records for the 1st Squad in the 3rd Platoon currently exist due to special circumstances.^000000
The Acolyte's support abilities make them a welcome addition to any party. In difficult situations, the Acolyte's skills will ensure the survival of the party, allowing other members to focus on offense.
The Alarms, and their 'Ruimento,' are made from an ancient mysterious technology. You can only find these in the Clock Tower.
The Archer Guild is located to the NorthWest in Payon. Please remember this.
The Archer class are experts in using Bow weapons, and are useful in parties for their long range attacks.
The Basic Skills are
The Blacksmiths in this guild also help me provide high quality weapons for the Crusades as well.
The Cart Rental service
The Dean of the academy will decide whether or not you are qualified.
The First Job Classes are
The Hotkey window is opened by pressing ^3355FFF12^000000 key. The F1 to F9 keys are the designated hotkeys.
The Hotkeys are '^3355FFF1^000000' to '^3355FFF9^000000.'
The Item Information class is very useful for you to learn how to use your Hot keys and Hot key bars. Come, let me guide you there.
The Kafra Corporation
The Kafra Corporation is the world's largest company with a long and distinguished history on the Midgard continent.
The Kafra Services are very convenient once you get out into the real world. Their Teleport Service can be used to travel from town to town, and you can keep your items safe in the Kafra Storage.
The Kafra services are
The Mage Academy is located in the NorthWest in town. Please remember this.
The Mage class specializes in using the forces of Fire, Water, Earth and Lightning to attack their enemies.
The Merchant class specializes in commerce. Due to the strong influence of the Merchant Guild, the Merchant class is attractive to those who wish to focus on earning Zeny.
The Monster Museum has prepared a special event for your support~!
The Orc Heroes who were defeated by you also must have recognized your courage. Thank you, human, for showing us what is true strength.
The Party master can determine
The Party system allows
The Prontera Sanctuary is located to the NorthEast in Prontera. Please remember this.
The Rogue Guild promised to
The SP amount and MATK increased
The Sacrifice skill allows Crusaders to keep their comrades safe from harm by receiving the damage that was intended for them.
The Save Service
The Snap option allows your mouse cursor to automatically be placed on a target once it hovers within the target's vicinity.
The Swordman Association is located to the Northwest in Izlude. Please remember this.
The Test takes 5 ~ 10 minutes per each person.
The Thief guild is in the underground 1st floor of a pyramid which is NorthWest of town. Please remember this.
The Tool shop? Here in Niflheim, they sell some unique items that
The Training Grounds
The ^3355FFChat Window^000000 is
The ^800fffJob Level^000000 shown under the
The amount of DEX that you
The amount of SP required
The assistant tutors in the room to the right possess useful knowledge. There are also a few interesting places hidden within this area. Good luck!
The best way of understanding the Orc tribe is to do battle with them. By competing in power and skills, eventually you will understand and respect your opponent.
The city of magic, ^993300Geffen^000000, is where people go to become Mages and Wizards.
The continent consists of the three places stated above.
The continent consists of three places such as,
The current weight of the items you are carrying will be displayed next to your maximum weight limit.
The difference between you humans and us is that we would never tolerate foul play in battle. But more importantly, Orcs never, ever retreat. An Orc will always fight till the last breath...
The elite and powerful rule this world. I am untouchable! And the weak and the lowly can rot in hell! Heh heh!
The entrance
The entrance of the castle
The first root reaches Asgard where the gods live and 
The flamboyantly mysterious
The glamour of an angel and the cuteness of Elven Ears is almost too much goodness for one headgear~!
The item window is divided into
The items I need are...
The last mission...
The leaf of Yggdrasil which is filled with vital force is rumored to
The librarian
The mage academy is located in the Northwest part in town. Please remember this.
The member guilty of insubordination was dropped from the squad during this mission. However, his actions were enough to result in the failure of the 1st Squad's final mission.^000000
The monsters, mysterious objects and heroes of myths...
The most
The most adorable NPC is YuPi in Prontera
The next subject
The numerical value next to the weight limit shows the current amount of Zeny, the currency of Midgard, that you possess.
The ocean is coiled up by
The only thing
The only weakness of the Swordman class is that they cannot use magic spells. However, this can be compensated by using weapons with an elemental attribute.
The power of the crucifix of light can damage the enemy three times. Each strike will have five times the strength of your normal attacks.
The progression of the test is announced on the entire map. An announcement will be made when the next person is ready to leave the waiting room.
The public is prohibited from browsing the files in this section! How many times do I need to repeat myself?
The purpose of this study is to better understand basic magic skills that we use in everyday life.
The purpose of this study is to learn and understand more about creatures existing all over the continent.
The red dots on the Mini-Map indicate locations of ^3355FFWarp Portals^000000 which connect to different zones.
The registration fee is 70,000 zeny.
The required materials for the Crown of Ancient Queen are...
The required materials for the Crown of Mistress are...
The required materials for the Decorative Golden Bell are...
The rest of the squad couldn't
The righteous fury of God is
The root of Yggdrasil is divided into 3 parts. Those parts reach to 3 places...
The root of this world, Yggdrasil, is a gigantic tree.
The second root reaches Jotunnheim where all the giants live.
The seed of Yggdrasil which has the fragrance of a blooming flower and the flavor of nut is rumored to
The shortcut for minimizing and maximizing the Basic Info Window
The special helmet that is only worn by Orc Heroes represents the power and honor of the Orc Warriors.
The squad was punished and
The stuff you let
The subject you're studying is Yggdrasil.
The test that I am going to give you will test your knowledge on all of the academic subjects in the world.
The third one reaches Niflheim.
The town you will arrive is named 'Geffen'.
The town you will be sent to is called Izlude which is a satellite of Prontera. The Swordman Association is located in the West of town. Please remember this.
The town you will be sent to is named Alberta. The Merchant Guild is located to the SouthWest within Alberta. Please remember this.
The town you will be sent to is named Morocc. The Thief Guild is in the first underground floor of the pyramid NorthWest of Morocc. Remember this.
The town you will be sent to is named Payon. The Archer Guild is located to the NorthWest in town. Please remember this.
The training course is organized into two parts: the Basic Knowledge classes, and Field Combat training.
The way the attack damage bonus is calculated is by taking the total strength value, removing the very last digit, and squaring the number you have left.
The wisdom a Sage will bring will be more than helpful for your party...
The witch of Niflheim...
The world as we know it consists of 3 places: Asgard, Midgard and Utgard.
The world as we know it is a result of events that described in the records of the ages. It is historical events that have shaped the world as it is today.
The worst part of the squad
Then I can fashion a 'Model Training Hat' for you right away.
Then I can make you a tiiiiny little flower.
Then I will take care of you.
Then, I'm sure you can be granted status as a real Orc warrior. But, make sure you are fighting for honorable purposes, and that you have no other motive.
Then, he will let you graduate from the academy. See you.
Then, shall we begin the class?
Then, you may leave now....
There are " + (10000-.@total_vouchers) + " battles ahead of you before you reach your goal. I understand the difficulty of this challenge, but I hope you make it.
There are 2 ways to change your equipment. Double-click equipment in the Inventory Window or click and drag an item into the
There are 3 different item sections of the Storage into which items are organized: Consumable, Equipment and Etc.
There are a maximum of 300 Inventory Slots in Kafra Storage, meaning you can have up to 300 different kinds of items in Storage.
There are also
There are also a few monsters that will cooperate with others of their kind. Attack one of them, and the whole pack of them will swarm around you, seeking revenge.
There are many aggressive monsters that will attack you first before you even approach them. 
There are many out there, so you won't have too hard a time getting them~ tee hee.
There are soldiers
There are too many wicked humans that have pursued wealth and fame at any cost. They don't understand ideals like honor and loyalty, and use any means to get whatever they want.
There are total of 3 sets
There is an old saying, 'Everything comes to those who wait.' Oh, are you freezing? Why don't you rub your hands together?
There is no obligation to change to the job we recommend. Please choose the job you wish to become.
There is nothing difficult or special about this test.
There is one problem.
There you go!
There you go! Your very own Beanie! Cute, but still 'dope!'
There you go, buddy.
There you go, buddy. I am proud to say this is my masterpiece. I call it... 'Devil Wing Ears!'
There you go.
There you go. *Phew~*
There you go. As I thought, the document didn't seem to contain any crucially important data.
There you go. Here's your beautiful Golden Bell. I doubt it will jingle if you shake your head, though.
There you go. I marked a small indication on it. So wear this helm from now on. Do you understand? My human Orc Hero.
There's no doubt that you'll be the talk of the town sporting these fashionable things.
There's no way I could forget something like that...
There's not much a dead man
Therefore, any hiding skill such as the Hiding skill or Cloaking skill will not work on insect monsters.
Therefore, knowing the past means you will better understand the present and...the future.
Therefore, using this skill, will cause the Crusader to suffer from damage. However, this damage can
Therefore, you receive a certain percentage of experience points in proportion to the damage you've inflicted on the monster, compared to its total HP.
These Orchish Vouchers you have been collecting are the true token of Orc warriors. We recognize an Orc who won over 1,000 battles as a true Orc Warrior.
These monsters are all weak
These monsters are most dangerous.
These roots stretch into 3 different places.
They are all fishes and possess water property.
They are controlled by the head of the group...
They are the best warriors of the Orc tribe, and are known to you as Orc Heroes. Not only are they the strongest ones among us, but they also our leaders in battle.
They could endure in battle for at least few days without axes. When you get to a certain fighting skill level, weapons can actually become a burden...
They should get me a new light, otherwise I will be gone blind sooner or later...
They're not impossible for
Thieves are experts at using Dagger class weapons. They strike quickly and easily evade attacks from their enemies.
Thieves can learn skills that allow them to hide from their enemies, or steal items from monsters. They are also feared for their use of poison, which slowly weakens
Think of a hot flash, and by that I mean ligntening, striking a lake. Oh, I'm bad!
Think of how the wind can't, shall we say, penetrate a mud facial mask~
This Golden Bell is fashioned after the one worn by the 'Sohee' monster. It's a cute accessory I personally recommend for us ladies. A little oversized, but I believe you'll like it a lot.
This continent was born from the heart of Ymir, and Yggdrasil holds the continent together by grasping it with its 3 roots.
This crown is an imitation of the one worn by the 'Mistress' monster. Wearing this will give you a look of brusque authority.
This crown is inspired by the one worn by the 'Isis' monster. It has an elegant look fitting for ancient royalty.
This final test in the Training Grounds is a personality test,
This is a Magic Academy, not a day care center.
This is a good subject which will help you lead your life as a well-experienced Sage.
This is a present for you. I am not sure if it will fit to your head or not, but try it. If your head is too big to wear this, I suggest that you carry this with you.
This is a pretty
This is a small token of my gratitue. This axe used to aid me in many battles and is very precious to me. I hope you will take care of this.
This is a sword only given to our heroes. I am not sure if you can use this or not, but as an Orc Hero, you're obligated to carry this with you always.
This is not a place where you can fool around.
This is so boring.
This is the
This is the best thing
This place is safe from dangerous people, but I don't know for how long.
This place is specialized in Sage class training. Mostly, what we do is study about monsters and magic spells.
This place is specialized in Sage class training. What we do is study about monsters and magic spells.
This sentence contains all the truth of the world.
This theory works the same for earth property weapons
This training grounds was established in order to provide useful information to new players of Ragnarok Online by the Rune-Midgarts Kingdom's Board of Education.
This will allow you to attack monsters by using the Heal skill without holding the shift key. Handy, huh?
This will summon your
This work is really getting to me. Going on a mission with my war buddies sounds a lot better than this.
Those Orcs that come back alive are recognized as true members of the tribe. The strongest males are chosen to become Orc Warriors, and the strongest females are chosen as Orc Ladies.
Those don't sound like hat-making noises...^000000
Those hateful humans started to get rid of every obstacle that stood between them and what they wanted, not caring if friend or foe stood in their way.
Those old warriors have shown outstanding fighting abilities, even without the use of weapons.
Though, I must admit that you have courage to enter an Orc's home.
Three...
Through the first course, players will learn the necessary knowledge for a smoother gaming experience.
To Orc Warriors, we do not see age as weakness. We look up to old warriors as our trainers due to their experience in battle and their fighting skills.
To be safe, I suggest you put everything else, other than the required hat items, into Kafra Storage.
To be safe, I suggest you put everything not needed to make this hat into Kafra Storage.
To be safe, I suggest you put everything you don't need to make this hat into Kafra Storage.
To be safe, I suggest you put everything, other than the required materials, into Kafra Storage.
To check out the commands for even more emoticons, type the command ^4d4dff//emotion^000000 into your Chat Window to see the list~
To me, she's like a lone, guardian angel. At that moment, it seemed the world existed just to be mocked by Ms. Leila.
To reset your camera angle,
To trade Zeny, you can enter the amount of Zeny you want to trade. After placing items or Zeny into the Trade Window, press the 'OK' button at the bottom of the Window to confirm the trade.
To trade items, drag items from your Inventory Window ('^3355FFAlt^000000' + '^3355FFE^000000') and drop them into the left side of the Trade Window.
Today at school, I learned how to make a paper flower! The flower was sort of hard, but now I can do it! Then I made a tiny tiny flower and put in on my head~
Tough!
Training Course.
Training Grounds is
Training Grounds!
Training Grounds.
Tritonia, where mermaids live,
Try to make a party with a Sage next time.
Try to remember every one in our squad. Let's see, there was Jack O, The Nineball. Z-Zan. Zan.H-Huadoku. C-Cuaque Donon. Myself. Um, E... Eni... Egni... Um...
Trying to figure out the Animal Kingdom's secrets of dealing with the heat.
Uh oh...
Uh! Uh!
Um, I know! How about I make you a cute, warm and fuzzy Sea-Otter hat?
Um, you're not even
Um...
Um? How do you know what file I am looking for?
Umm, okay...
Umm...
Umm...?
Umm...It seems you didn't bring any of those?
Under the existing provisions, you must pay 70,000 zeny for the application...
Unfortunately, I don't have any material to make the headgear right now. But if you bring the materials, I will make you a 'Teddybear Hat' for free.
Unfortunately, I'm not sure if it's possible to hold a trial against Rebarev Doug.
Unfortunately, we are not in charge of changing your job to the Sage class.
Unleash your fighting spirit upon the villains of the world!
Unlike you, I know the meaning
Until then, farewell!
Uranos where titans live,
Usually we have a zeny service charge, but since you've got ^3355FFthe look^000000, I'll waive it.
Usually, you can visit inns in big towns. If you want to take a rest or compete with others, an Inn is the place to go.
Utgard is where all the titans live.
Utgard where titans live,
Vamos, Novice, vamos!
Very well. Let's complete your application form.
Very well. Now I am starting the class..
W-wait...!
WHAT?!
Waaaaaaaah~!
Waaaaaaah~!
Wahhhhh...!
Wah~! My brain is gonna blow up soon! Why must I have to prepare all of these things?!
Wah~~~~~!
Wait a second...
Wait, that's right!
Wait...
Wait...you didn't lose it, did you?
Warrior of Might!
Warrior, may a fresh light be with you in battle. Show your opponents your indomitable spirit. Take pride in being a human that has been given the title of Orc Warrior!
Warrior, where did you leave your Heroic Emblem? Without the token, I cannot recognize you as an Orc Hero. Please find it and keep it with you anywhere you go.
Warrior, where did you leave your sword? Without the sword, I cannot recognize you as an Orc Hero. Please find it and keep it with you anywhere you go.
Warrior...
Was the worst
Water Magic is weak against wind property! Yes, that's right~
Water property magic is sooo strong against the fire property.
Water, Earth, Fire and Wind.
Water, Wind, Earth and Fire.
We Guide Soldiers provide location information at the entrance of every town. You can easily find us by our special uniforms.
We Orcs are a proud race and do not like to admit when we are wrong.
We Orcs are a proud race, and I shall oblige.
We Orcs have a special training course called 'The Trial of Fire.' If any Orc Warrior passes this course, he will be protected by our fire god...
We Orcs have invented many useful things! Of course, now we've had to keep these things to ourselves. Why? Because of the stupidity and greed of humans!!
We Orcs have once constructed a tower for a human, but were then trapped and enslaved there. Needless to say, humans are deserving of our wrath and fury.
We Sages are more like scholars than Mages.
We always welcome Swordmen
We always welcome new students.
We are Crusaders that have
We are very helpful and powerful as members of a party.
We call these cursed Orcs Zenorc. They are forced to live inside of caves or dungeons, away from from honorable Orcs. It's difficult to believe that Zenorcs were once one of us...
We could play games in the snow, and play with real Sea Otters and have them give us rides and...
We do not accept any ambiguous candidates.
We f-found some ^0000FFfragment^000000!
We fight boldly and fearlessly with our opponent, giving our all in hopes of a fair victory. We would die for victory in battle.
We found it, and
We may never meet again, but I hope you grow stronger and become a great adventurer. Godspeed.
We only select the strongest of our tribe to become warriors. When Orcs reach adulthood, they are sent to the forest to survive alone in its environment.
We thank our valued customers for their great support and continue to provide them with the best
We were a great team.
We'll start the class when you bring me those stones~ Tee hee~
We're way better than any other class because we're pretty good with our heads, you know?
We've been told this name many times through myths and legends.
We've met before, haven't
Wearing a Cowboy Hat will make guys look tougher and more heroic, and will add untamed cuteness to the ladies.
Wearing one color makes you feel warmer, and another makes you feel cooler on a hot day.
Welcome again! So, did you fully prepare yourself this time?
Welcome back.
Welcome back~
Welcome to
Welcome to Jawaii,
Welcome to my class, did you earn good results in the practical exam?
Welcome to my class.
Welcome to the
Welcome to the Handsome Charm Modeling School. May I help you?
Welcome to the Inn.
Welcome to the Sage practical examination hall.
Welcome to the Schweicherbil Magic Academy.
Welcome!
Welcome, " + strcharinfo(0) + ". I am glad to meet you.
Welcome, I am in charge of historical studies here in the academy.
Welcome, friend!
Welcome, my friend!
Welcome, new adventurer.
Welcome, once again.
Welcome, you just passed the written test, didn't you?
Welcome, young one. I can see that you're intrigued by the wonders of magic.
Welcome. How have you been?
Welcome~
Well done. Let me proceed with your application request.
Well done. So, did you watch insects while gathering those items?
Well now, let's get down to business. Tee hee~
Well then, I would like to suggest a few things that are required of a Sage.
Well then.
Well then... Farewell!
Well then...May God fill your path with knowledge.
Well well...what do we have here?
Well! We Orcs are a proud race!
Well, I am not sure if you gathered them by yourself or bought them from shops...
Well, I can't help you with that issue. If you don't have the fee, you are not allowed to enter the academy.
Well, I can't recall
Well, I don't expect you to write an outrageously great thesis though...
Well, I made these myself.
Well, I must say,
Well, I see.
Well, I work for the Blacksmith Guild, picking out good weapons
Well, I'm not sure what it was. But we found an ^0000FFunknown fragment^000000 that was a sign from God! And then...!
Well, Orc Hero is held in high regard by other Orcs for their great power. As a human, you will probably have difficulty in dealing with him.
Well, aren't you the cutest little Novice~
Well, as long as
Well, have a good day.
Well, humans rarely get the chance to see this helmet unless they're in battle with an Orc Hero themselves...
Well, if you really want to write it by yourself, I can let you handle it but...
Well, if you want one, I'll make it. But I want you should pay me some royalties for my services. It's pretty hard to attach a flower to a hairpin, you know?
Well, if you're not here for business, you must be here...
Well, it all depends on your experience. That's all for the Option Window.
Well, it couldn't hurt if I made a copy of this first for you to read, but I'll need some materials.
Well, it's supposed to be a seeeecret, but my mommy taught me some magic to make Sea-Otter hats with Raccoon hats.
Well, maybe not.
Well, that was my brief overview on in-game interfaces. It might seem like a lot of information now, but it will soon become second nature.
Well, that's it for the essential fundamentals. If you want a more comprehensive lesson, you gotta speak to the assistant tutors.
Well, that's it!
Well, that's it. You can write your thesis with what I've taught you!
Well, we finished all 20 questions.
Well, you answered all 20 of the questions.
Well, you can drink
Well, you've come here
Well...
Well... I think you're okay.
Well...look who came crawling back. Magic addict.
Well...that's your business. It is regrettable that you won't be able to get a chance to write a book anymore.
Were you betrayed by fate as well, or are you simply a wanderer that's stumbled into this land of darkness?
Wh-who are you?!
Wha--? Him again?! Tell him I'm fine! Dandy, even! Why's he gotta send all these people just to ask
Wha...?
Whaddup, broham. This hat keeps your head toasty, but let's you play things cool with your homeys. And, um, fly girls.
What a great attitude for a warrior...! It will be a model to other Orcs to show respect to opponents that you have defeated!
What a nuisance...listen carefully this time.
What a nusance... listen carefully this time.
What a shame! It seems you didn't bring enough money for tuition.
What am I, your personal psychiatrist?! Lemme alone,
What an enthusiastic Novice you are! Okay, I'll send you to the folks in charge of Field Combat Training. Make sure that you listen carefully to the trainers.
What are you
What are you doing here, Go show your thesis to the dean!
What are you doing here, dearie? Don't you want to meet the dean and show him your stuff?
What are you doing here, kid?
What are you doing here, precious...are you playing games? Tee hee.
What are you doing here, precious...are you trying to fool me? Tee hee~
What are you doing here, sweetcakes? Do you just come over to see what's in here?
What are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be with Dean Kayron?
What are you doing with so much Jellopy?!
What are you still doing here, sweet cheeks? Tee hee~
What are you talking about? I don't understand, you're talking about lots of different things at once!
What brings you here? Is there anything bothering you recently?
What brings you to Lutie, town of goodwill and year round Christmas cheer?
What brings you to me, kid?
What do I look like, your own personal Peco Peco?
What else do you want?! Do you want to take this test again?
What happens if you're wearing no colors? If my ^333333*ahem*^000000 hypothesis is correct, you wouldn't feel any heat if you were invisible!
What if I had no colors?
What is your business with me?
What is your name, young one?
What is your name?
What the hell!? Stop talking about him! I never wanna see his face again! Tell him to leave me the hell alone!
What the...! Don't you know when to stop? I do not believe a human would like to hear about Orcs so much. But...
What was his name...?
What would
What would you do?
What's that
What's this?
What's this?!
What's up?
What, are you sure that you're ready? No, I don't think so.
What, do you want to be a Sage?
What, you already forgot what I told you just a minute before?
What, you already forgot what I told you?
What, you comin'
What...! What are you here for!? You are here to study about specific monsters, microcephalic moron!
What...?
What? Fire Bolt! Fire cannot beat water, you imbecile!
When I realized this, I decided to help these people and began to research technology for artificial limbs. My studies have lead me to Alarms and their own mechanical limbs known as 'Ruimento.'
When I retired, my sister was so mad. She's the only one I can depend upon, but now that I've messed up my life like this...
When I was retired from service....
When a group of people kill a monster, the person who did the most damage receives priority in picking up item drops.
When advancing to the Second Job Class, Acolytes can change their jobs to ^8E2323Priests^000000 or ^8E2323Monks^000000.
When advancing to the Second Job Class, Mages can change their jobs to ^8E2323Wizards^000000 or ^8E2323Sages^000000.
When advancing to the Second Job Class, Merchants can change their jobs to ^8E2323Blacksmiths^000000 or ^8E2323Alchemists^000000.
When advancing to the Second Job Class, Thieves can change their jobs to ^8E2323Assassins^000000 or ^8E2323Rogues^000000.
When advancing to the Second Job Class, every Archer may advance to the ^8E2323Hunter^000000 class. Alternatively, male Archers may advance to become ^8E2323Bards^000000, and female Archers may become ^8E2323Dancers^000000.
When the Base Level or
When the Job Level
When the male customers try to flirt with her, she never loses her poise. She just adjusts her glasses and does what she needs to do.
When things get flaming hot, it's best to splash things in cold water. Don't you agree~?
When we have the reserve items, we will start the class.
When you attend the Skill Information class, you'll gain a better understanding of the use of skills.
When you become a 1st class, you will learn unique class skills of the class that will require SP to use. Your skill instructor can teach you more about skills.
When you carry too many items with you, your weight becomes too heavy and you won't be able to restore HP or SP by resting, or even fight monsters! So store what you don't need into Kafra Storage.
When you click on the ^4A708Bequip^000000 tab, you can view every item in your inventory that you can equip. Let me give you some equipment so that you can try them on.
When you click to attack, your mouse cursor will automatically change into a sword shape. Skill and item targeting also work with the Snap function.
When you come to the next class, bring ^3355FF1 Holy Water^000000~
When you decide to represent yo' hood, come to me with the stuff. I'll hook you up.
When you have
When you have questions about the training course process, please feel free to ask any of the Tutors.
When you kill monsters,
When you move to the entrance, you can also enter a PvP zone though a PvP doorman.
When you pass all the courses, you will become a Sage.
When you press the
When you right-click with your mouse in your Skill Window
When you talk to a Kafra Employee and ask for the Save Service, the location of where you will revive, after being defeated in battle, will be changed.
When you trade, you must be
When you use the Heal skill while holding down the '^4D4DFFShift^000000' key, you can target the monster with the Heal skill to damage it.
When you're aware of what property a monster is, you can use that knowledge to help you in battle.
When you're fighting monsters, it's a matter of life and death! Alright then, take care~
When your
When your HP is reduced to 0, you will faint and be unable to fight. You can either return to your spawn point, or wait for someone to revive you.
Whenever you visit a town
Whether you plan to go to a house party, get your groove back, or be as fresh as a prince, you'll be chillin' with this fly style.
Whether you will pass the test or not is his decision.
Which job did
Which job did you
Which subject
While exploring
While in the Chat Room,
Whirling Tempest
Who are you?! Don't disturb me, I'm busy!!
Who knows what kind
Who the hell are you?
Who was that?
Whoa there cowboy! Don't pull out so soon~ Listen, tee hee~
Whoa, why are you carrying so many items with you?
Whoa, you haven't attended the Basic Interface class yet? Oh well, I know that class is kinda boring~
Whoa, you haven't attended the Item Information class yet? Oh well, I know that class is kinda boring~
Whoa~
Whoa~! A lady...
Why are you
Why are you carrying so many items with you? Leave all your extra baggage somewhere else and come back.
Why are you so curious?!
Why are you wandering
Why don't I make you...
Why don't I make...
Why don't you ask a thief pal for help?
Why don't you consider being a Sage in the future?
Why don't you go take a picture with Mistress? That would be funny to see if she wasn't too busy trying to maul you.
Why don't you speak to the Helper to the left side of this room first, so that you can receive some battle instruction?
Why don't you walk around
Why have you returned to
Why mention it? You gonna bring me something I'll like? Cuz I'm more than willing to take it! Bwahahaha!
Why would
Will you pay the registration fee with 70,000 zeny?
Wind property magic totally dominates the water property! Oh, yes~
With more LUK, you have an increased change of inflicting ^3355FFcritical attacks^000000 to your enemies. Critical attacks are useful to you, as they pierce your enemy's defense.
With the Skin option, you can change the GUI skin for the in-game windows. Scroll through the list of the skins you have and choose
With the sound button, you can turn the background music on or off, as well as adjust the volume. The same can be done for the sound effects.
With these...
With this Sombrero, you'll look like you have all kinds of style. Adios, cool guy~
With this battle practice,
With this method, party members can share their experience according to the their character levels, and the number of members in the party.
With those, I will be able to continue my research, at least for a while. As I told you, I will give you this awesome ^0000FFAlarm Mask^000000 for those items!
Woman, can't you that I'm a man?
Working as a government official is easy except for the times when the beaucrats make you do stuff like this.
Would please you open
Would you
Would you like to have an Indian Headband? You wouldn't become an official member of my tribe, but wearing it would show your respect if you happen to encounter tribal Indians in your adventures.
Would you like to move
Would you mind giving the item back to its owner, my human Orc Hero?
Wouldn't some kinda... ^3131FFFlower Hairpin^000000 be a hit with chicks? So I tried making one, and it seemed to be pretty popular among my lady friends.
Wow! Did you really gather these 300 Mushroom Spores all by yoruself? Nice! Now it's time to use my magic~
Wow, you're really cute! Tell you what...
Wow, you're so stubborn! Just treat the helm with care, and wear it with respect. Recognize that it has a long history...
Wow~
Wrong. " + strcharinfo(0) + ", you got - 10 points.
X Hairpin!
Y-yeah that's right! And then three days after we started the mission, we found some kind of...
Y-you really do want
Yay! You've got a great looking crown!
Yay~
Yeah dude. There are two things chicks dig. Small, adorable presents. And suave dudes.
Yeah yeah, so it's not so bad to be devoted to magic.
Yeah, I was a member of the 1st Squad in the 3rd Platoon a long time ago. How did you know that?
Yeah, I've noticed cuties just love walking around with flowers in their mouths, and I was always like 'Whaaaat~?' But then I got this great idea!
Yeah, Thunder Storm spell is fine... it's a wind property spell.
Yeah, not bad. I assume that you will at least understand what you're going to learn in class.
Yeah, on our
Yeah, that's a good idea. After all, you'll gain experience and items while you take that class. Alright then, the Interfaces Tutor is in the center of this room. Go for it~
Yeah, that's a good idea. After all, you'll gain experience and items while you take that class. Alright then, the Item Tutor is on the far right side of this room. Go for it~
Yeah...
Yeeeeehaw! With this hat on, you can tame broncos, rob stagecoaches, and look really stylish in duels!
Yeh, you would think I'd remember getting whupped by an ugly human, but I tend not to remember faces when I'm too busy getting whomped on.
Yelp! Yelp yelp!
Yes, everything's ready.
Yes, it is I, the man who has pummelled over a trillion foes and rising. Raging Hurricane Hero of Justice: Zhenbolt!
Yes, that's
Yes, that's a good
Yes, that's what I guessed about you. You're just book smart.
Yes, they possess water property and at the same time they are fishes.
Yes, this is the first time we've met, of course. Hahahaha~!
Yes, you don't need to hurry... take your time and come back.
Yes.
Yggdrasil Leaf...
Yggdrasil is the name of the tree that is the source of life in this world.
Yggdrasil is the tree that was rumored to be the source of life for this world.
Yggdrasil is...
Yggdrasilberry has a fascinating scent that is rumored to
Yoohoo~
You ^3355FF_____^000000
You always intrude our territory to slay us foxes for our nice, soft fur. But it's not only us you harass. The Sohees always complain that you barbaric humans keep stealing their clothing!
You always try to understand other people, even though they are strange. You expect others to try to understand you.
You applied for this test already, didn't you?
You are
You are at the entrance
You are now...
You are often upset
You are supposed to prepare all of those items, aren't you?
You are very warm hearted and considerate, and you're willing to sacrifice your well being for the sake of others.
You bring ^FF00001000 Jellopy^000000!
You brought Yggdrasilberry!
You brought every material I need, but unfortunately you don't have enough space in your inventory. Try and place some of your items into Kafra Storage first.
You brought everything!
You brought everything.
You brought the materials~
You brought them!
You can also assign equipment to Hotkeys. This can be down when you drag equipment from the Inventory into the Hotkey Window.
You can also download official skins from our official website:
You can also drag a skill icon from your Skill Window, and drop it into your Hotkey bar ('^3355FFF12^000000' key) to assign a Hotkey to that skill.
You can also just hold down the left mouse button while the cursor is on the monster. Still, there are some people who are even too lazy to use the '^4D4DFFCtrl^000000' key every time they attack a monster.
You can also register
You can ask your skill instructor to learn more about organizing parties. But I guess you can also just try that on your own.
You can assign hotkeys to your items, skills and equipment using the Hotkey bar. Just drag skill icons from the Skill Window or items from the Inventory Window into the Hotkey bar.
You can bleed in my house, but I will only talk with you if...
You can check the
You can come back any time if you feel that you need a review.
You can drag the Scroll Bar
You can even gain
You can find and research every worldly matter within their pages.
You can find her castle at the ^FF3355+^000000 mark I've made on your mini-map.
You can have only one chance to write your thesis before you become a Sage.
You can learn a lot about telling good people from the naughty after working for Santa for a loooong time...
You can only get one of those if you've been traveling for a long time in the desert. I guess someone like you also appreciates the beauty of my homeland.
You can open the Option Window
You can open the Party Window
You can organize
You can play
You can purchase this item from the town of Al De Baran! You didn't show any effort.
You can store and retrieve
You can tell our
You can tell you've performed a critical attack when an attack has inflicted more damage than usual to an enemy, and the damage number is displayed with an explosive red visual effect.
You can use an Active Skill by double-clicking its icon in your Skill Window.
You can wear them for birthday parties, Christmas parties. Um, slumber parties. P-political parties.
You cannot beat those boss monsters alone, 
You cannot become a Sage because your magic skills are inadequate...
You could just bring...
You could try to find a record of residency changes by citizens of the Rune-Midgarts Kingdom in
You dare invite an Orc to conversation?! We Orcs are a savage race! Born out suffering, we only live to fight and do battle!
You deserve a reward!
You deserve to be an Orc Hero, the most powerful Orc warrior! As of today, you are now an Orc Hero!
You did it!
You didn't say anything, so
You don't even know what is written inside?
You don't have all the items? And here I was, getting all hot and bothered.
You don't know how busy person I am...don't you?
You don't mind
You don't need me
You don't seem to be qualified yet.
You don't seem to be satisfied even after being recognized as a warrior. But... I suppose the path of the warrior is to seek new and more difficult challenges.
You enjoy analyzing things around you, and you're very independent. You have use insightful judgment and you can be very shy and logical.
You got " + .@sage_t + " points.
You got a problem with that? Tough, that's my style.
You happen to
You happened to accidentally slip your tongue in the middle of a conversation. How do you cope with this situation?
You have a Mr. Smile and Scarlet Dyestuffs! Yaaay~! I could use those and make you a paper flower. C'mon, lemme show you!
You have been doing fine, I guess you can do this without a problem.
You have brought me 10,000 Jellopies. I must say that I am impressed. Since you have shown me your respect, I will repay you with my honesty.
You have chosen
You have chosen to be an Acolyte. The town you will be sent to is named Prontera. The Sanctuary is NorthEast in Prontera. Please remember this.
You have decided
You have found
You have found ^0000FFThe 3rd Platoon Records^000000!
You have made a lot of effort to show me respect, despite being a human. Now, if you want to learn more about Orcs, feel free to come back anytime, my friend.
You have made a lot of effort to show me your respect. Now, if you want to learn more about Orcs, feel free to come back anytime, my friend.
You have many chances
You have many chances to re-take the test.
You have no idea how much
You have passed the 1st training course! Wow~ I guess now you understand a little bit more about Ragnarok Online.
You have passed the written test.
You have shall your 'conversation.'
You have too much time on your hands. Go explore some dungeons.
You have unused skill points left. Please go learn all those skills you've been planning to learn.
You have won " + orcs_hero_hat2 + " victories over Orc Warriors.
You know about the
You know more about such things after working for Santa for so long.
You know what?
You little rascal!
You look like you're freezing...
You look like you're having trouble carrying all of your things. Why don't you place some of your extra items into the Kafra Storage?
You look so heavy...! Maybe you can walk more easily if you put some of your stuff away?
You may have need of it one of these days. And it shall forever remind of this grandiose moment.
You may have trouble at first, keeping your balance and trying not to drop the apple. You may even feel incredible neck pain. But for the sake of beauty, it'll all be worth it.
You may recognize those cursed Orcs by their shrunken bodies and long teeth.
You may want to enter an enrollment application to the Schweicherbil Magic Academy.
You might want to see their
You mind sharing them with me?
You must apply different types of property by the situation or place.
You must be aware of each monster's properties,
You must be aware of the limit of your ability.
You must be especially careful of holy property and shadow property monsters.
You must first be at
You must have had a really hard time to reach this place. I must say, you seem interested in the Sage class.
You must have learned much about the Orc's spirit of battle by seeing it for yourself firsthand.
You must like 
You must make a reservation a week in advance if you have any questions.
You must really like to travel! You're certainly not from around here.
You must share your knowledge with others by taking excellent notes.
You must think twice before you cast a magic spell on an insect.
You must understand, my position requires me to remain in this area 24 hours, 7 days a week. I cannot leave without the consent of the upper hierarchy.
You never know the limits of magic
You often see
You only achieve honor by winning battles. Even among Orcs, I'm sure you can prove your battle prowess by defeating 10,000 Orc Warriors.
You passed the written test.
You possess remaining skill points...
You refuse to be a ordinary person as you persue your dream. As a person sensitive to nature, ^696969Archer^000000 is the most suitable job for you.
You should be able
You showed great effort to gather all of those.
You wanna a Flower Hairpin~?
You wanna a ^3131FFFlower Hairpin^000000!
You wanna take a look at the trendy, stylish hats I can make for you?
You wanna talk?
You want a ^3131FFX Hairpin?^000000
You want me to show you? Huh?
You want some sort of reward for whatever mayhem you cause. Alright then...
You want to know where I got these tiny little cute black cat ears on my head, don't you? I knew it! Hahaha~!
You will be sent to
You will learn the fundamentals of actual battle through this class. If you did your best through the Informative class, you are supposed to have been given some starting equipment.
You will love studying the world.
You will now
You will now be transferred
You will pay 30,000 zeny and bring some items as compensation for the tuition discount.
You will see your path in the future...
You will take the written test under the same conditions as the test you took before. I'll give you 20 questions.
You will then take the entrance examination.
You won over
You won't be able to write another thesis again, handle this with care.
You'd better go out and play with your pals. 
You'd better leave and increase your reputation.
You'd better look for trustworthy comrades.
You'll be wowing everyone on the streets with your fashionable new look that says 'It feels so good to be so bad.' Glad to be of service~!
You'll learn some essential stuff and gain experience and items as you take that class. The tutor for Basic Interfaces is in the center of this room. Now, go for it~
You'll now be teleported.
You'll see to the word 'Passive'
You're a human, so I don't give we can give you that honor so easily...
You're a professional
You're allowed to watch. However, do not disturb them by making any fuss.
You're almost there. Isn't learning easy?
You're almost there~ tee hee.
You're also always
You're always eager to help others, which is why you're so well liked.
You're always welcome to join us.
You're gonna explore this place on your own? Pretty brave, aren't you? Just be careful: here in Niflheim, darkness reigns supreme.
You're not a Sage. Pity, sweet thang like yourself...
You're not fit
You're on a trip with your beloved. Your significant other then asks you to buy a souvenir that's not particularly good. What do you do?
You're responsible for a task that requires you to cooperate with many people. If you handle it alone, it will take a lot of effort and time.
You're such a pretty lady!
You're supposed to take every training course if you really want to be a well-prepared player!
You're supposed to use the Butterfly Wing when you want to go back to a town ^666666after^000000 completing your training here, alright?
You're the
You're the best!
You're the same
You're too tough to get rid of.
You're very willful and very well organized. You've already set a goal in life and have become very responsible for your actions.
You've already brought everything I've asked! Good job, hero~! Let me get to work right away...
You've already passed!
You've been
You've brought all these ribbons! I can't wait to tie you a new ribbon to put on your ^FF66CCbeautiful hair!^000000
You've come back...
You've completed all the essential courses. Have you spoken to the assistant tutors already? The field combat training will be your next course. Would you like to proceed?
You've gone
You've got to
You've got to take on the Field Combat Training Course sometime, I suppose.
You've learned everything else,
You've made quite
You...! You have
Your Flee Rate
Your Job Level is much higher than I had expected. You must already know the basic information by now.
Your Respawn Point is always the last place where you have saved. Using a Butterfly Wing will return you to the place where you
Your name is ... " + strcharinfo(0) + ". It's a very nice name.
Your name is...
Your name, job, Basic Level,
Your next course is Field Combat training. Please listen carefully to your next trainer, and I hope you pass the course. Godspeed.
Your own 'Blue Fish' hat, powered by a scientific principle! Also, would you mind if I keep that Desert Wolf Claw? Heh heh, thanks~
Your own 'Drooping Cat' hat, powered by a scientific principle! Also, would you mind if I keep that Desert Wolf Claw? Heh heh, thanks~
Your own 'Lazy Smokie' hat, powered by a scientific principle! Also, would you mind if I keep that Desert Wolf Claw? Heh heh, thanks~
Your own 'Smokie Leaf' hat, powered by a scientific principle! Also, would you mind if I keep that Desert Wolf Claw? Heh heh, thanks~
Your weight limit does limit the amount of items you can carry with you. When you're carrying too many things, place your extra stuff in Kafra Storage.
Your work is too poor to be considered as a thesis!
Yyyyyaaaeeep...
Zan.Huadoku, Cuaque Donon,
Zzz...Zzz...
^0000FF : Rebarev Doug
^0000FF" + @str$ + "?
^0000FF999^000000 ^FF0000Nine Tail^000000
^0000FFAragham never
^0000FFAragham never hoarded
^0000FFJack O, The Nineball, Zan.Huadoku, Cuaque Donon, Egnigem.^000000 Oh, I really miss those guys...
^0000FFMegingjard^000000! Right.
^0000FFSwordman, Mage, Archer, Merchant, Thief and Acolyte^000000.
^0000FFThe 3rd Platoon Records^000000 in
^0000FFThe 3rd Platoon Records^000000!
^0000FFThe Platoon Records^000000 in
^003399Alberta^000000, the port city, is where the Merchant Guild is located. You must also go to Alberta if you wish to travel by sea.
^006600Payon^000000 is in the mountains, and is famous for its Archer Village, where Novices can change their jobs to Archers.
^3131FF * Scrape Scrape * ^000000
^3131FF - Scrape Scrape - ^000000
^333333*Groan...*^000000
^333333*Hiccup*^000000 Oh yeah, this is the stuff. Not like that imitation junk they've been serving at the Bars nowadays...
^333333*Phew...*^000000
^333333*Sigh...*^000000
^333333*Sigh...*^000000 I haven't gotten any response from them. I don't know
^333333*Sniff*^000000
^333333*Yawn...*^000000
^3355FF* Clang Clang! Scrape Scrape! Jingle Jingle! *^000000
^3355FF*Bang Bang Ping Ping*^000000
^3355FF*Clik-clak Clik-clak Pam Pam Pam Pam*^000000
^3355FF*Crunch Chew Chew Chew*^000000
^3355FF*Crunch Crunch Tap Tap*^000000
^3355FF*Rustle Rustle Splat Splat*^000000
^3355FF*Sprinkle Sprinkle*
^3355FF*Squick Squick Grind Grind*^000000
^3355FF*Squish Squish Fwsht Fwsht*^000000
^3355FF*Swish Swish Rustle Rustle*^000000
^3355FF*Uk Uk Uk Uk Uhoh Uhoh*^000000
^3355FFAdios Amigo^000000
^3355FFBefore you can even think,
^3355FFChaque Donon nodded his head
^3355FFCuaque Donon
^3355FFDing Ding Ding Dan Dan Dan^000000
^3355FFEmma Searth clutches her head and winces as she suffers from another migraine.^000000
^3355FFEmma turns away before you can see her cry. Still, her shoulders heave with each sob as you imagine the hardship she's had to endure.^000000
^3355FFGrabbing his head,
^3355FFHe acted very bright and friendly, but for a fleeting moment, you were able to glimpse a hint of sadness in his eyes.^000000
^3355FFHis eyes seemed
^3355FFHmm...
^3355FFHowever, he didn't
^3355FFIt doesn't seem that
^3355FFJack O busily chewed
^3355FFOf course, you withhold some details and only tell him what he seems to want to hear.^000000.
^3355FFOnce you said that name, she immediately drew closer to you
^3355FFRemembering that a Green Herb was able to relieve Jack O, you gave a Green Herb to Emma. She takes it, and looks a little more relaxed.^000000
^3355FFSadly, Chaque Donon seems
^3355FFShe welcomed you
^3355FFThe Inn Employee
^3355FFThe scent of your
^3355FFThinking about Royal Myst's story and the mentions of Egnigem begin to jumble your thoughts...^000000
^3355FFTraining Grounds Introduction^000000
^3355FFYou confront
^3355FFYou confront Rebarev Doug about the memory problems and migraines of the 1st Squad...^000000
^3355FFYou handed
^3355FFYou have found
^3355FFYou have gained a small
^3355FFYou have learned
^3355FFYou keep your suspicions to yourself and tell Rebarev Doug about the members of
^3355FFYou must find something
^3355FFYou pulled out a "+ .@toy$ +"
^3355FFYou see a shelf filled with many files. You begin searching through them, one by one.^000000
^3355FFYou tell Rebarev Doug
^3355FFYou tell Zan about Rebarev Doug, and about how he is now an instructor for Crusader Boot Camp. He seems to be absorbed in his thoughts of the past.^000000
^3355FFYou tell him what you've read in the records for the 1st Squad. Afterwards, Jack O looks a little confused.^000000
^3355FFYou try your best to calm him down and to tell him what you've found in the document.^000000
^3355FFZan looks very confused and his eyes begin to glaze with a dazed look. You try speaking to him again, but he doesn't respond at all.^000000
^3355FFZan seems to be having a very difficult time recalling that specific memory of his past.^000000
^3355FFZan stood still in silence, with a pained look on his face.^000000
^3355FFZan.Huadoku seemed to
^3355FFZinga Zinga Zang Zang^000000
^4D4DFFBasic Skill Level 2^000000
^4D4DFFLevel 4 Basic Skill^000000
^4D4DFFStrength (STR)^000000 increases
^4D4DFFVitality^000000 affects the ^4D4DFFmaximum HP, amount of HP restoration and defense^000000. The amount of HP increased by VIT is differs by your job class.
^4D4DFFphysical attack damage (ATK) ^000000
^4F4FFF//organize ''Party Name''^000000
^4d4dff20,000 zeny^000000.
^4d4dffBasic Skill Level 7^000000
^4d4dffEmoticons^000000 are commonly used
^4d4dffpersonal Kafra Storage^000000
^4d4dffyou will be unable to return to the Training Grounds ever again^000000.
^660000He^000000 hadn't interfered...
^660000List of Supplies^000000
^660000The 3rd Platoon Records^3355FF!^000000
^663300- ... -^000000
^663300- Search Magic -
^663300- Search Magic Initiated -
^663300[Keyword: ^996633"+.@input$+"^663300]
^663300[Keyword: ^9966331st Squad Record^663300]
^663300[Keyword: ^9966331st Squad^663300]
^663300[Keyword: ^9966333rd Company^663300]
^663300[Keyword: ^9966333rd Platoon^663300]
^663300[Keyword: ^996633Crusader^663300]
^666666*Sigh...*^000000
^666666*Whew!*^000000
^666666*Yawn~*^000000
^666666She said the Rogue Guild wants something from me. So she's gonna send to me to good people that we can trust and can help me.^000000
^666666Still, this is the safest place for me for a while. But I'm always ready to run away if I have to.^000000
^666666last vestiges of my strength^000000...
^696969Thief^000000 is the most suitable job.'
^800fffRequest a deal with^000000.
^996633Al De Baran^663300.^000000
^996633Alberta Port^663300.^000000
^996633Blacksmith Guild, Geffen^663300.^000000
^996633Casino, Comodo^663300.^000000
^996633Inn, Morocc^663300.^000000
^996633Morocc^000000 is in the desert. It's the town where you can change your job to the Thief and Assassin classes.
^996633Prontera Castle, Prontera^663300.^000000
^996633Tavern, Jawaii^663300.^000000
^A62A2A" + strcharinfo(0) + "'^000000,
^A62A2A" + strcharinfo(0) + "'^000000.
^A62A2A" + strcharinfo(0) + "^000000
^CE3100If you use an upgraded Stellar to make this item, any upgrades will be lost. That okay with you?^000000
^CE6300Super Novice^000000 can use Carts, but we officially don't have a contract with that class. Still, somehow...
^FF0000 ^000000 ^E40CAA[Bienvenido]^CC0000 a ^FF9000Novice^7FFF00 Training ^00FF00Grounds ^E40CAA[Bienvenido]^FF0000^000000
^FF000010,000 zeny^000000!
^FF0000Also, please only have one Coronet in your inventory to make the Crown of Mistress. We are not responsible for any loss.
^FF0000By the way, if you use an upgraded
^FF0000For your information, if you bring me any item that has a card inserted, or has been upgraded, the additional abilities of the item will disappear after I have used them. So please keep that in mind.^000000
^FF0000If you bring me any upgraded items, or items compounded with cards, those cards and upgrades will be lost once I create the new item for you. So please don't forget that!^000000
^FF0000Just remember, if you bring me any item that has a card inserted, or has been upgraded, the additional abilities of the item will disappear after I have used them. So please keep that in mind.
^FF0000Lindsay put the Raccoon Hat on the ground, threw the Smokie Leaf onto the hat and mumbled some words while hugging herself.^000000
^FF0000Prohibited Search Term!^000000
^FF0000Then, suddenly with a dazzling light, the Raccoon Hat turned blue and slowly transformed into a Sea-Otter Hat.^000000
a 'Blue Fish' hat?
a 'Drooping Cat?'
a 'Lazy Smokie?'
a 'Smokie Leaf?'
a Cart that greatly expands their carrying capacity and allows them to open shops with their own items and prices.
a Cotton Shirt.
a Crusader, I remembered
a ^3355FFSkill Point^000000, right? Skill Points are used to learn your skills~
a ^4D4DFFspinning white light^000000.
a ^CE6300+^000000 on your mini-map to mark
a ^FF0000-1 % EXP penalty^000000, so be careful.
a beautiful day
a bit of trouble
a cliff, you'd feel
a complete lie.
a copy? Alright, let me
a couple hours now.
a different account than what had actually happened...
a different subject?
a dungeon, you run
a few questions that
a good fighter in the
a good start.
a good student,
a leader-type
a little more strength through the power of my magic.
a little reward
a lot of them are aggressive
a monster, you'll just continuously attack it!
a party by typing
a pretty self righteous jerk
a purchase, the first thing
a sec, I'll be
a silly question?
a skill or weapon that inflicts damage of the same property as the monster, the damage will be greatly reduced, or completely negated. You might even heal the monster!
a skin.
a specific monster size.
a trap ready for me...
a trial. But do you really want to reveal this to the public?
a whole lot from back then, but the part about ^0000FFinsubordination^000000 can't be right. I'm sure of that.
about the 1st Squad that's
about the Party System.
about the Passive Skills.
accessory you are
according to your personal needs, so ask about the Status you wish to better understand. First, open your Status Window by using the '^3355FFAlt^000000 + ^3355FFA^000000' keys.
acknowledge someone
active skills can be assigned to a Hotkey and dragged to the Hotkey bar. Active Skills have colored, square shaped icons that can be double-clicked and used.
again tomorrow.
against monsters, don't you?
agree on whether or not we should simply obey our leader and let him have the belt. Some just wanted to complete the mission, while others were afraid of what might happen.
all I have left...
all gone now...
all of those files...
allocate its funds
allowed to use your
allows you to chat with
always on your side.
am called ^FF0000Zhenbolt^000000!!
among the following.
amount of Job experience.^000000
an Orc Lady!!
an Orc Warrior!!
an Orcish Voucher
an effort to come here.
an entire island for themselves? Then again, I am single so I'm probably biased.
and 300 ^ff0000Black Cat Doll^000000.
and I'm saying it just once...
and Intelligence (INT).
and Luck (LUK).
and ^3131FF20,000 zeny^000000!
and ^FF000010,000 zeny!
and ^FF0000400 Ectoplasm^000000.
and began speaking in a low, threatening tone.^000000
and check if you have the ^3355FFFirst Aid^000000 skill icon. To use it, you need to double-click that skill icon.
and come back if you're interested. Alright then, see you later~
and die for power!
and easy to kill. But be careful,
and farewell.
and finally, you will submit your dissertation to the university.
and get out
and get outta here!
and glamorous poise.
and happily sucked his thumb. It saddens you to see a former Crusader reduced to this state.^000000
and how much I've actually
and memory loss, the rest
and my head hurts.
and now works at an Inn.
and others you really shouldn't.
and out for blood!
and resources.
and she's the reason why
and take it easy.
and talk to other tutors if you haven't already?
and your Job Level are displayed in this window. ^800FFFBase level^000000 is your character's level.
and your ^4D4DFF maximum weight limit^000000.
and your average attack strength.
answer me as I call upon the
any questions,
anymore! Oh! They
anyone named that.
appreciate it
are an Orc Hero,
are doing for me.
are located just past
are too few. Please find
argued with the squad leader
around this sacred place?
as I can!
as all the others!
as if nothing
as soon as you can.
as well as of love for your comrades. Such an attitude is essential for a servant of God!
as well. I wanted to be closer to her so much.
as you are cute~!
ask me if you
assigned by the royal court to find and acquire ^996633godly artifacts^663300.
assistant tutors, don't you?
at ^4D4DFFBasic Skill Level 6^000000 or above.
at least ^3355FFBasic Skill Level 6^000000
at the entrance, so don't
attitude. Sometimes,
aventuras a lo largo del
away from them by joining the Crusaders.
away with keeping all of Megingjard to himself, as the entire squad could easily discredit him.
awesome responsibility, I must
back with those items
be able to find it.
be careful!
be careful, it can get
be handy for Mages and Wizards.
be reduced to half with Faith.
be sitting through
be teleported.
become a nice player,
been forgotten...
been many unruly drunkards here
been many unruly drunkards here lately, but it is in our best interest to make your experience here as enjoyable as possible.
been training in preparation
before I started working
before we begin your
bein' a Crusader?
best to get him indicted.
best, and I wish you
between Hotkey sets by
blessed with the ability to create Gleipnir. Aside from the Dwarves, I'm the only person that can make this item!
bored with what I'm doing. I keep trying to convince myself that my job's important to future Crusaders, but...
born. I suppose you can say I'm pretty well educated.
bravery and honor...
bring me ^FF00001000 Jellopy^000000
bring me...
bringing everything.
but at the end of the day, he's just like you and me. You can find some way to convince him to help you, I'm sure.
but it seems you possess special power and abilities.
but it was the reason why
but it's not a mandatory course.
but special authorization is required to browse that section. Otherwise, it's off limits.
but you must go outside and fight with monsters as much as you can in order to be a well experienced Sage.
by 1 INT is dependent on Job Class, just like VIT. This means that some Jobs will naturally benefit more from having more INT than others.
by clicking the ^3355FFfriend^000000 button in the Basic Info window. The shortcut for the Party Window is '^3355FFAlt^000000 + ^3355FFZ^000000.' You can use this window to check on the members of your party.
by pressing the '^4D4DFFCtrl^000000' and the '^4D4DFF - ^000000,' '^4D4DFF = ^000000,' or '^4D4DFF \\ ^000000' keys.
by pressing the ^3355FFoption^000000 button in the Basic Info window. You can also press the '^3355FFAlt^000000 + ^3355FFO^000000' keys as well.
can be cured from Silence, Curse and Chaos.
can be cured from all the abnormal statuses.
can do. But what's worse is that no one remembers me any more. I died alone and I'm still lonely in this place for the dead.
can restore full HP and SP at once.
can restore half of total HP and SP.
can't I remember?! Why?!
capital letters!
capital letters.^000000
care anymore.
certain opponents.
charge of the
charge will differ from
choose whether or not to accept your request. If your trade request is accepted, the Trade Window will appear.
classified file as soon
comes a happy-go-lucky sense of adventure, and a desire to explore.
competing with other people...
compliment anyone
comrades are doing now.
conducting research by royal edict.^000000
considered a part of Yggdrasil tree.
continue to use that hat
continue your efforts
copy for you.
create Gleipnir!
cute little Novice~!
darte la bienvenida a
dead to shed tears?^000000
demonstrated incredible
didn't let you
differs by Job Class,
disbanding of 1st Squad.
displayed in your Defense is the defense calculated from your Equipment and Armor.
don't say things like '^0000FFI am the most religious man in the universe! Kneel before me!^000000' Yeah. Not a normal thing to say.
don't you? Please
done a thousand years ago, we shall vanquish the hordes of Demons when the day comes.
done in a bit.
double-click
dumb with me?!
emoticons into your Shortcut List ('^3355FFAlt^000000' + '^3355FFM^000000') so you can just use a Shortcut to use an emoticon. This is also fully explained on our official website as well.
equipment before you engaging in battle. Are you sure you've equipped all of your equipment, your weapons and armor?
equipment to
even betrayed...
everyone on your screen.
everything I need to
everything at the moment,
everything lucidly, and I never had any problems recalling the past.
everything went wrong.
excuse me and tell me your news some other time.
experience for you. It's possible that you'll even have a greater appreciation for Crusaders.
experience like this!
explain what you have
exploring dangerous
eyes you suspiciously.^000000
face of authority!
fainted on the street.
feel free to ask me~
feel free to come back.
feel so responsible for your performance and will be teaching you to the best of my ability. Now, please select the subject you wish to learn.
final mission...
final result
find a girl who
find some clue as to
finding that file.
first for you?
focus on the INT stat.
for a critical attack, the Flee Rate and a small amount of damage you deal to monsters.
for a looong time. Almost
for a relationship.
for so long, my eyes have
for the Holy War that is to come.
for the first time, we would like to recommend that you check the locations of notable places in town with us.
for you now. Good luck
forgotten.
fought amongst each other, and that the fragment he gave them was all that remained.
free of charge~!
free to browse through
from Egnigem.^000000
from increases in VIT.
fundamentals?
future. Bon voyage.
give me a moment
given form in this destructive skill.
go and bring me
go bring me
gone bad. They should get me ^0000FFa new light^000000, otherwise I'll go blind sooner or later...
gonna complain to my old boss about something. She said I used to be fine, but now that I've retired, I'm not the same anymore.
good day.
government doesn't
grow up so fast
had happened.^000000
happened in the 1st Squad...^000000
has ever given me.
have a good day, adventurer~
have a hard time remembering what had happened in the past. You begin to share with him what you had read in the library about the 1st Squad...^000000
have a strong will and want to be an important person for this world.
have any questions.
have been doing since
have in mind?
have will also affect your attack accuracy. Attack accuracy is calculated by the number of your Base Level added to your DEX.
have, no, was there someone
having their memories erased is
he pays me...
hear more, bring...
help if it weren't for the fact that I cannot allow classified information to be released to the public.
help me in looking for
help me? I-I'd appreciate it.
help you. Good luck!
here is classified, and it is therefore prohibited by the Prontera Military to browse
here, maybe?
hoarded upgrade items.^000000
how much I can remember
human, I like you.
human, you have
hungry for blood...?
if I can wait much longer to join the Kafra Corporation.
if I can work for them even if it's just part-time...
if the other person is trading the items you have agreed to exchange.
if you ^660000didn't^000000
if you want to talk.
iiiyiyiyiyiyiyiiiiii~~!
imbue you with the
immediately.
importance of supply?
in Niflheim. I can't quite move on to heaven, Valhalla or anywhere else without her.
in order to cast the Fox Resurrection spell.
in order to continue my research.
in this section.
in understanding the Orc
in your Basic Info Window,
in your Chat Window.
indicate spaces between first and last names and within military unit names.
inform adventurers about the
information you learned
insane looking for this file...!
interested in.
interesting.
interfaces.
interfere with my work.
into a dead end.
invested in me, I humbly bestow upon you my remaining strength. Fight honorably, and do not lose sight of righteousness.
is '^3355FFAlt^000000 + ^3355FFV^000000.'
is Dexterity (DEX)
is Intelligence (INT).
is a ^4D4DFFspinning white light^000000. These portals are what allow you to move from one zone to another.
is also provided by
is chasing her dream again, and
is considered the best way to ready for battle.
is equal to the number
is give you a small hint.
is off limits!
is provided to our customers for a small fee which is different from town to town.
is the name of the tree that has been the source of life in this world.
is. The most I can do
it later I guess.
it once again.
it's giving you trouble.
items in the ^4A708Bequip^000000 tab
its location.
its members have been sent to disciplinary retraining for 3 months.
just by looking at it!
just double-click the right Mouse button. Okay then, take care!
just for listening.
kind of file I'm looking for. Even if you did, I'm not allowed to show you what's inside!
knocks you out~^000000
know about me? You did me a favor, so I'll tell you anything! Eeeeeverythiiing~~!!
know about that?
know? Eh, I don't win all the time, but I love it the most when I leave with more Zeny than I came in with! Hahaha!
last saved.
lately, but it is in our best interest to make your experience here as enjoyable as possible.
leader punished anyone for insubordination, I'm sure that it was unwarranted. I don't remember too much, but I'm sure of that.
learn how to treat a lady nice, okay? Then they might give you gifts like this!
learn more about
learn more about.
left Mouse button once,
left to do is to lead
let me give you
let me pay
light be with
light of justice that empowers the defenders of truth, and threaten the enemies of peace.
like to try?
like you should pick
like you were flying.
like you who forgets
limitations, or that
listen longer,
listening to me...
living a quiet life. But now, for some reason, a lot of people want to talk to me about something important.
located at the bottom
located close to the person with which you wish to exchange items or zeny. Otherwise, the trade will not work if that person is more than 2 cells away.
look for it...?
looked like. The higher-ups
looking for him,
looking for, you might
los Campos de Entrenamiento!
love has totally forgotten you.
main weapon, your attack strength will be based on^4D4DFFDEX^000000. So Archers should focus on increasing their DEX.
managed to learn.^000000
may be wondering about.
me a job at her Inn anyway.
me borrow will really
me here. It's boring and lonely, and the guy downstairs is always yelling at me to leave.
me send you to the
me so sad. I'm not
menu for more information.
more I can teach you.
more about interface
more about the
more than that...
more than willing to
mourning my loss.
much excitement for
mundo de Ragnarok!
must be "+ strcharinfo(0) +".
must be at least
musta did something to me...
my Item Information class?
my comrades...
my famous fatal blow!
my life is...!
my position.
my sister's a part of comes in sometimes to yell at me. They all want me to tell them something I'm supposed to know!
named that with us?
need any help.
no recollection of me.
not bad...
not easy, knowing the woman you
not to touch those!
not touch the files
nothing useful over in
now that I think about it!
nowadays!
obsolete version
of 1st Squad.
of 4 Platoons. Please
of Hotkeys. You can toggle
of Raging Passion!
of Search Magic,
of being a little off his rocker.
of deception, fear and malice.
of document you're
of friends Cuaque made
of great ability!
of my sight~!
of one's feelings is essential
of responsibility. I remain here, helping inquisitive adventurers for the sake of King and country.
of service.
of the 1st Squad is fine.
of the 1st Squad?
of the Basic Info window,
of the Inventory Window.
of the ^3355FFTraining Grounds^000000.
of the castle is
of the living. To be here is to suffer, such is the nature of Niflheim.
of the room, you can change
of the rumors we're spreading around. Is already deperate enough to send his men?!
of you if it were not for
of your Base Level added
of your screen.
of your superiors...
of your test.
of your very own.
of your very own~
on some Green Herbs.
on the Novice Slippers
on the right side of the Chat Window to review a conversation. Since the Chat Window is always active, you won't have any problem communicating with other players.
on the right side of your Basic Info window and familiarize yourself with the other interfaces.
on this really quickly~
on to Agility (AGI).
on to me?
on to the next subject?
on verbal evidence, but the most important details have been left out or changed.
once and a small menu will appear.
one day. Shall we move
one for you,
online for ^4D4DFFdisplaying your feelings^000000. It's a fun way of communicating!
or Golden Thiefbug, the king of thiefbugs...
or Party Window.
or above to use emoticons.
or above to use the Party System.
or above, you can open your own Chat Room. You can either click
or just press the '^3355FFAlt^000000 + ^3355FFQ^000000' keys.
or zeny with other people,
other questions?
others by bearing the suffering of their fellow man.
our ^0000FFfinal mission^000000...
our most basic customs!
our old leader had a huge argument with one us over something we found. I remember it being some kind of godly artifact, but I can't clearly remember what it was.
our squad broke up.
our squad, it says that one of us was punished for insubordination, rebelling or something. That's
out how my old comrades
out of an Angel Wing as well!
out of an Evil Wing as well!
out of date...
out there, young Novice.
para tus futuras
person.
personality test.
pick up 'Clothing.'
places.
players will be able to gain more experience before they enter the real world.
players will engage in actual battle with weak monsters so they can learn the basics of fighting.
please choose the
please visit the official
pleased to meet you.
pleased when they learned that I wanted to become a Kafra Lady.
powerful warrior...
preach to the ignorant.
press the 'Trade' button to finish the trade. If either of the traders do not press the 'OK' button, the trade cannot be completed.
press the '^3355FFF12^000000' key?
pressing the F12 button.
pretty crazy. I'm sorry, I guess it's because I haven't been
pretty difficult...
proof of registration?
protect me, but they scare the hell out of me sometimes by coming out of the floor all of a sudden.
provides a Cart Rental Service to Merchants, as well as Blacksmiths and Alchemists.
provides our valued customers with a convenient Teleport Service which greatly cuts down on your
purely Passive Skills
put them on.
put this down on the ground...
pwease pwease?
quite sure why, but...
read the records?
real world, you depend on religion, you know?
really know how to
record your current
records! But I don't trust
remain here, ever vigilant.
remember anything.
remember his name!
remember how the guy who
remember me...
remember that, okay?
rest of the 1st Squad?
restore full HP and SP at once.
restore half of HP and SP at once.
revive the dead, bringing them back to this world.
right away?
right side? Just cross the bridge and you'll arrive at a castle. All you have to do is walk inside!
rough challenges,
rules of your Character Statuses.
said that. I don't want to let her down or make her upset. She's
seem the least bit agitated. In fact, he exuded a calmness that makes you feel nervous.^000000
seems to bring clarity
sent for disciplinary retraining for three months. During this time, specific memories were unnaturally erased from the squad members.
shall I expain?
shall we?
short and his friends
should I cover
sleeping too well? Oh well,
so I guess the only thing left is Field Combat Training. Did you want to attend that class now?
so I understand if
so arrogant to the point
so important, but I'm not really quite sure...
so let me reward you!
so many items with you?
so please remember that.
so that I can let you experience my amazing magic for yourself~!
some classes, you
some experience points.
some more, go and
some supplies again.
some supplies. Then
some weird ^0000FFamnesia^000000.
someone...?
something useful!
soon as you can~!
specify Company.^000000
spent all my energy.
still doing here?
still here?
strange look for?
strangest human
submit your thesis to Dean Kayron.
suffering from migraines
superiors by giving them just a fragment of the artifact, and say that the rest of it was destroyed.
supposed to know what
sure about my lesson,
talk to the staff at the North after you increase your base level by 2 levels through battle.
talking about our
tearing his hair and writhing in Agony, Zan kept repeating the same words over and over again...^000000
tell you again...
test. Thank you.
than live submissively.
than you.
that Emma Searth has absolutely
that I'd forget important customer information once I'm hired.
that although they are
that best matches you from
that can calm Cuaque Donon.^000000
that he could deceive his
that is a click. When you press the mouse button twice in a row, that's a double-click.
that section anyway.
that section. There's
that will help you during the Field Combat Training.
that you have read the
that you need to play
that you wanted to
that, there's a possibility that Megingjard would give him strength comparable to a god. Naturally, you'd be afraid of such a thing falling into the wrong hands.
the 1st Squad.^000000
the Basic Info Window,
the Basic Interfaces, you should remember these terms, just because we'll be using them frequently.
the Character Statuses are Strength, Agility, Vitality, Intelligence, Dexterity and Luck.
the Holy Cross can inflict 4.5 times more damage than a normal attack once it is mastered.
the Holy War?
the Kafra Corporation
the LUK stat.
the Orc tribe,
the Party System~
the Prontera Library.
the Prontera Library...
the ^3355FFchat^000000 button in the Basic Info Window or just press '^3355FFAlt^000000' + '^3355FFC^000000.'
the ^4A708BFirst Aid^3355FF skill.^000000
the best of luck!
the books here!
the bridge located
the command:
the distribution of EXP and items to the party. You can also check the location of your party members on the Mini-Map.
the distribution of items or the distribution of experience which party members have gained together, but it's that you try that out on your own later on.
the emoticon.
the experience gauge fills up.
the file about...
the following questions.
the honest expression
the item you create out of the Coronet
the kid in front of me. If you're lucky, she'll give you something neat in return. What it is, I don't know. I've got no dolls.
the last time I saw them...
the light of truth. Let the light within you eradicate the shadows
the maximum damage you can inflict becomes huge. The damage of your attacks becomes unstable.
the military judge! Sadly, even we Crusaders are not immune to corruption...
the only person with whom
the other sections.
the paradise resort!
the person in
the restraints of
the room setup.
the service you'd like to
the town of Alberta.
the town of Geffen.
the town of Izlude.
the town of Morocc.
the town of Payon.
the town of Prontera.
their enemies.
there's nothing
they are doing.
they are used.
they have a different property than the others. You'd better be careful with them.
they're doing so well!
they're easy to learn.
things that don't exist.
this area if you're bored.
this button?
this lonely place of darkness?
this time!
through either the '^3355FFitems^000000' button in the Basic Info window, or by pressing the '^3355FFAlt^000000' and '^3355FFE^000000' keys at the same time.
through quite
through them.
to Bruce for
to answer.
to be in this realm of cold and suffering. But I can only help you escape by telling you what little
to be the only thing that works for my headache.
to become a Mage.
to become a Merchant.
to become a Swordsman.
to become a Thief.
to become an Acolyte.
to become an Archer.
to cover your face, and wiggled its arms as if it were talking.^000000
to even speak to me.
to explore the world.
to find ^0000FFgodly artifacts^000000 by royal decree. In only three days, we succeeded and found Megingjard!
to finish all the
to go to "+.@dest$+".
to guide you over to
to have regressed to a very childish mentality. Perhaps if you brought something that children like. Something that would offer them comfort...^000000
to hear more,
to help me, don't you?
to her thoughts.^000000
to improve your posture
to listen longer,
to listen to me
to listen to more,
to me for a while? You're
to moisten with sadness.
to more challenging places? That's understandable, since you're still a new adventurer. Good luck~
to re-take the test.
to search for them yet?
to see if you have received all the supplies listed. Let me briefly inform you about the items you've received.
to see me. They all want me to tell them something I don't even know!
to see someone better
to supply the Crusaders.
to take the test
to taking this test. When you take this test, you'll receive many health items which will help you when you join the Ragnarok Online community.
to talk about what exactly
to the Field Combat
to the Kafra Services.
to the Library. That's
to the Ragnarok world,
to the Training Grounds.
to the chosen town.
to the next course?
to the right of the Basic Skill icon. That means this skill is Passive, and doesn't use any SP.
to the right.
to the urge to push
to those times when I would
to try again?
to use an Active Skill will be displayed to the right of that skill's icon.
to use the Storage.
to you once again.
to your AGI.
to your friends.
today?
too much of me. That's why I used to be a Crusader. I mean, they're paid well and respected.
took pride in their faith. When
touch any books in
town to town.
train Crusaders, rather than
trainer! Don't get all
training courses.
traveling time.
try to remember
trying to protect the weak.
under dim light
up and scram!!
upgrade items.^000000
upset at a Novice!
use of the most basic
very often.
very professionally,
victory with me?
want to talk to me.
wares for yourself. I've drawn
warriors...
was a belt worn by gods? It was actually one of the keys to Thor's great strength. Another name for it is the 'Girdle of Might.'
was helpful to you.
was the only person worthy of the belt since he considered himself the most religious person alive, and thus, closest to the gods.
was very sad and depressing.
way of life through battle.
we Sages are obligated to discover the truth of the Yggdrasil tree.
we knew what it was
we may punish the forces of evil, and one's rage is embodied in a giant crucifix of power.
we must prepare for
we? Oh gosh, I must sound
wear it. Just
were enthusiastic to listen to what I had to say, and carried out their orders with loyalty.
what happened to the
what you have done for me.
what you need to make
what's written on paper.
when I used to fight in the Prontera Military.
when he was a Crusader.
when you get the chance.
when you're ready.
where they have
where to find them through
where we, mere humans, haven't yet explored or experienced.
which one do I bet on...?
while I make that
whispers into your ears.^000000
why he's hiding.
will be Vitality (VIT)
will guarantee you a safe battle.
will have a
will not have its upgraded status.^000000
wish to learn more about.
with Egnigem.^000000
with Orcs.
with anything?
with the vouchers?
won't regret it.
world of the living. I see you've been busy looking for the truth about the 1st Squad, haven't you?
worry about getting lost.
worry so much about
would you find out
would you help me
would you like to learn
you about the LUK stat.
you back to the
you can check the chat room members' information by right-clicking on a character name.
you can obtain items by chance. Furthermore, certain characters can use the 'Steal' skill in order to steal items from monsters.
you can't buy anywhere else.
you cannot beat
you cannot hear any chat from outside of the Chat Room. Please remember that, okay?
you correctly
you definitely know
you do is...
you don't have to pay for the Registration Fee to enroll in the school.
you exactly I need.
you exactly where he
you find a really interesting item in a store, debating whether or not to buy it. Before making
you get in here?!
you have in mind?
you have on you?
you homage.
you in battle.
you know what kind
you like to do?
you must accept your
you must learn at least ^3355FFBasic Skill Level 1^000000.
you need to follow the orders
you some Job experience!
you this hint once...
you to Midgard~
you to a training ground that has stronger monsters. May God be with you...
you to organize a small group with people in order to cooperatively hunt monsters, or just to have fun together.
you to the world of
you want to do
you want to know?
you were able to read the
you will receive official approval to conduct studies as a Sage.
you will see the items currently equipped on your character. In the very beginning, every character is equipped with a Knife and
you will see various
you will transported
you wish to talk!!
you with a little instruction.
you'd actually do it.
you'd better form a party if you want to fight with them.
you'll be able to get him
you'll see an icon labeled
you're as smart
you're having a rough time in the
you're ready to go.
young Novice.
your HP. Please
your Job Level goes up, you earn
your Skill Window?
your attack accuracy would be 60.
your better understanding.
your destination.
your investigation
your items in any town at your convenience. This Storage is shared by every character on one account.
your own Heroic
your petition against
your statuses are the fundamental building blocks of your character.
your tight schedule....
