'They are called 'Stalactic Golem'.
(Johan Opens the door and checks)
- After eating the meal, You feel a little bit full.
- The Rib Eye Roll is grilled on the oak.
- You have too many items in your inventory to continue -
- You tell her about Meeru and Mine. -
-Chef is trying to point to a dish in the picture. There is a black roll.-
.. Maybe I'll go instead of sending you.
... Of.. Course.. I'll fight too!
... Of... Course... I'll fight them too!
.........hyuk huk.
......meow wee.
...Oh you're back!
...hummmm.
1 Milk
1 Sweet Sauce
10 Evil Druids!
10 of them.
20 Wraiths!
2nd stage training missions start at level 70.
30 Ice Cubic
30 Venomous and 5 Teddy Bears.
3rd stage training starts at level 80.
4th stage training starts at level 90.
5 Wootan Fighter's Shoulderguard
7 Dryad's Sharp Leaf
A Uniform and Boots all 2 supplies.
A Weapon, Uniform and Boots all 3 supplies.
A few more stages left to go so don't worry!
A total of 4 supplies, that's all.
ATK + 3% or MATK + 3%?
Access to the outside world is mostly done through the east entrance, but...
According to the records
Actually I don't like this training mission much but anyway let me explain it to you.
Actually Skeletons or just normal bones are all the same but...
Actually it's harmful so they have requested continuously.
Actually we'd like to get rid of them all.
Actually, I thought that you would chicken out~
Additionally you'll receive the Eden Group Boots II and Uniform II.
Additionally you'll receive the Eden Group Boots III and Uniform III.
Ah, I see you didn't get lost.
Ah, Kim-dduck-soon.
Ah, Margaret!
Ah, and be careful of Maya.
Ah, in case of the weapon that was made only for 1st jobs.
Ah, it's 5,000 Zeny. Cheap isn't it? I only use the best meat so don't worry.
Ah, ok so for you...
Ah, that symbol is of our group.
Ah, this place should be good!
Ah, you're here to enhance your gear.
Ah, you've come.
Ah... It's over...
Ah... now you don't look like a beginner.
Ahah the way you're looking at me, ''why didn't I ask you to do this all at once'' right?
Ahah..especially the hat.
Ahah..hey~ even if I talked useless things don't look at me like that
Ah~ So bored.
Ain't it more fun this way?
Alas, is there anywhere where the buildup of ice caps is more than here?
All 3 steps of Instructor Ur's missions have to be completed first.
All of them... Who're you?!
All of those undead monsters come from the underground graveyard
All you have to do is find the Eden Group agent there.
Almost everyone just hired wonders about him.
Alright, look down.
Also let me se... you are not one of our members. How can I give you work?
Also we supply extra things to consider some members who can't use some of the supplies.
Also, sometimes Michael needs help, so if you have time try to help him out.
Although you managed to kill the Orc Zombies, you can't be sure you are much stronger..
Ancient buildings are sleeping under the water. They were actually built under the sea.
And don't forget the 30 Ice Cubic, 1 Sweet Sauce, and 1 Milk.
And get this... Well...
And if you have a healing weapon it will increase it's healing efficiency.
And instead of just walking out,
And monsters here usually leaves me alone, so I can nap all day.
And sometimes a really strong one roams around.
And the 2nd stage training and missions start at level 70, so come back then.
And you are?
Ants dug a cave in the sand and it is linked to the surface. That's Ant Hell.
Anyway I will inform the group so go there and report.
Anyway he is one of us so he will know me.
Anyway you did great job!
Anyway, we can only offer you one Hat.
Anyway, you...
Anyway...
Anyway... that's it..
Anyways you've proven that you're stronger than Mine ever made himself out to be.
Anyways, go out to the field south of Einbroch and you'll see the Dispatched Instructor.
Anyways, go to Einbroch and find the Dispatched Instructor there. He should be in the field south of the main city.
Anyways, good job. I'm glad you're not hurt
Anyways, good job. I'm glad you're not hurt.
Anyways, that ancient castle is now full of undead monsters .
Anyways, their names are Ma~ something... I don't know.
Are you a trainee?
Are you asking me what I know?
Are you going inside?
Are you interested in joining us?
Are you kidding me?
Aren't you getting used to it here?
As I said before, since Komodo is a city inside a cave..
As a blacksmith I am in need of Iron materials constantly.
As a test of the difficulty of this cave
As before go and hunt 30 more Siromas and bring me some materials.
As for the Boots and the Uniforms, you will receive better quality ones based on your course grades.
As you know this is Orc Village.
As you know undead never die so, blessing of live person it's same as curse to them.
As you know we don't have any trouble living here.
As you well know, this castle... is not at a normal state.
Ask the Blacksmith Michael and he'll give you the equipment.
Ask the Blacksmith, and he will give you new equipment.
At first I will explain about Ant Hell.
BK is a great blacksmith, he'll make your weapon stronger.
Based on your level, I think that the Comodo area suits you.
Basically I will add a random monster card with the property type that you choose.
Basically, Margaret didn't believe him and challenged him to kill 1 Nepenthes.
Be careful and kill 15 Pierre ants.
Be careful when exploring here.
Be careful, there are a lot of lost souls around here.
Beef, bacon,
Besides this is training so who are you to ask me what about me?
Besides, you won't have the equipment that I can enhance until you do those missions.
Bring 20 Used Iron Plate.
Bring me some materials.
Bring me the following from the monsters.
But Laime and Luke are totally different.
But if you see over there... yes right there.
But most of them have range attacks..
But the leader wants to hide his past...
But the surrounding fields are relatively clean...
But there are some that bother me.
But they also manufacture armor and weapons by themselves.
But we can't support some classes that can't join us.
But you didn't defeat enough Stalactic Golems..
But you don't need to kill all of them.
But you still have more targets, understand.
But you'll do that for me yeah?
But your weapon will increase damage to the type of enhancement you pick.
But, it is essential that I wear this hat..
But, this area is crawling with dangerous monsters.
By the way, did you see those other monsters besides the Wraiths?
By the way, it looked like Michael had something to tell you as well
Can you find those two brothers?
Can you see a humanoid fish with a very threatening spear?
Can you see that way.
Can you stay longer?
Can't we all work together by helping each other out?
Check your supplies again and look after it.
Cheer up~!
Chin up and cheer up.
Choose a weapon.
Choose from the following.
Choose one of the three course meals A, B or C.
Come on 5 Pinguicula.
Come on admit it.
Come practitioners?
Come to me later.
Comodo has the best weather in the whole world.
Comodo is a small city on the coast with many caves.
Comodo is surrounded by the ocean and caves.
Congratulations on completing all training stages!
Course meal A is for nomal people.
Course meal A?
Course meal B?
Defeat 20 Wraiths.
Defeat the monsters in this forest, and bring me the items I asked for.
Did you come here for a quest?
Did you get back what the Poporing stole?
Did you get how the undead work?
Did you have trouble with that Nepenthes...
Did you kill all the Strouf already?
Did you pick up the necessary equipment from the storage?
Didn't I already tell you the last task?
Didn't I tell you to go there?
Didn't you get anything from Thorn yet?
Do you have the weapons or not?
Do you know Porcellios are?
Do you know Porings? Maybe they are related to them.
Do you know where Comodo is?
Do you know where Glast Heim is?
Do you know where the weapon storage is at?
Do you know why?
Do you need help?
Do you need more information?
Do you see him over there?
Do you want a Meal? Or do you have other business?
Do you want a explanation?
Do you want to know some good information?
Do your best to make the world safer.
Does the uniform look good on me?
Don't forget my present when you come back~!
Don't forget to bring the Eden Group badge.
Don't forget to defeat the Stalactic Golems you run into on the way.
Don't forget, I'll be waiting for you.
Don't hesitate to attack them.
Don't hesitate when fighting them.
Don't look at me like that~ it was a joke~!
Don't mess with me.
Don't pity them because when they grow up they become aggressive Orc Warriors.
Don't procrastinate.
Don't try to lie to me that you've finished hunting them.
Don't worry.
Don't you have to report back to the Eden Group headquarters?
Don't you want to upgrade?
Don't you worry, I'm going back soon.
Doubling the strength of your bonus stat.
Eden Group Manteau II, Eden Group Armor IV, Eden Group Boots IV.
Eh...?
Eh? Who!
Einbroch has commissioned work out so that means more training.
Enjoy your meal.
Enter the modified value
Even during the winter, Comodo has great weather.
Even if they are babies don't hesitate.
Exactly... now it's time to hunt Orc Ladies.
Find Mine and do what he asks you.
Find him and figure out what the heck he's up to please.
Find out what's up with them.
Find the Dispatched Instructor there.
Find the Noxious...
Fine I'll heal you!
Finish the third mission from Instructor Ur.
First come with a Hat that you want me to upgrade.
First do the missions set forth by Instructor Ur and I'll help you strengthen your equipment.
First let's eliminate the weakest one.
First target are the Wraiths.
Follow his instructions to help clear out that area.
For now, ask me to strengthen your equipment and I'll do it for you.
For this option you can choose from Brute, Plant, Fish, Dragon, Increased Heal.
Frankly... we don't have a use for it now but in case soemthing happens like in Morocc.
Free up your inventory so that you can get the weapons, boots, and all the other equipment.
From there go south and then east. There is small oasis in the center of that field.^000000
Glad you're here.
Go ahead.
Go and hunt 10 Orc Ladies.
Go back and defeat them.
Go back and report to Ur.
Go back and report to the Eden Group headquarters.
Go back to our headquarters and report about this training mission.
Go back to the Eden Group headquarters and report there.
Go back to the Eden Group headquarters and report.
Go back to the headquarters and report it.~
Go back to the headquarters and report that you completed the mission, hurry up
Go back.
Go defeat 3 Stalactic Golems.
Go out through that large blue door and walk to the end of the hallway.
Go out through the blue door, to the end of the hallway.
Go talk to him, he's at the weapon storage as well.
Go there are get the mission from him.
Go there first and then come back to me. Okay?
Go... with you?
Good job. Go back to the headquarters and report.
Good job..
Good or bad this is how it is going to be.
Good to see you!
Good to see you~
Good your next opponent will be...~
Good!
Good. So you previously received an addition to Atk or Matk.
Good. Those monsters have been bothering the Einbroch workers.
Good. Your weapon will now increase Heal effectiveness.
Gosh...
Great. Awesome.
Great. You seem to have killed all of the Andre.
Guess you're too busy to help me.
Haha. I will keep tabs on your progression.
Haha...
Haha... are you joking?
Hahaha!
Hahaha..
Hahaha.. aaaahahahaha... 
Hahaha...
Hahahah I don't care.
Hahahaha!
Hahahahaha!!
Hahahahahahaha!!!
Have you come here to join in the training?
Have you ever entered this cave before?
Have you finished hunting the 30 Siroma yet?
Have you gotten your gear yet?
Have you hunted 30 yet?
Have you made your report to Instructor Ur?
Have you started the request of Instructor Ur?
He is a knife expert.
He is called a Merman and is a really professional warrior.
He sent you to watch me!?
Hehe, I'll put in a good word to Ur!
Help people to enjoy their nights comfortably.
Here are the options.
Here you are.
Here's your equipment.
Heumnya. I'll sleep in one breath..
Hey there!
Hey, buddy~
Hey, cheer up.
Hey, here you are.
Hey, how are you?
Hey, now your next target is 15 Andre!
Hey, what was it?
Hey, you think I'm joking?
His main abilities are magical.
His name is... um...
Hmm equipment strengthening.
Hmm something went wrong though. I'm not sure what...
Hmm where do I send you?
Hmm yes I saw.
Hmm, I'm not sure you're ready.
Hmm, Ur sent you?
Hmm, are you a member of Eden Group?
Hmm, it's not neccessary but if you remain with the eden group, it would be a good symbol.
Hmm, no.
Hmm, you are eligible to receive equipment.
Hmm.. Not bad ...
Hmm...
Hmm... I may need to wait for the next trainee before I can start looking again... Eep!
Hmm... You have a good form!
Ho hum...
Hola.
Hola?
Hooooohooo~
Hopefully it has helped you.
How can I say... He seems like honey.
How convenient witchinya.
How did this happen?
How did you get so deep in this ocean city?
How do you do?
How do you like your enhanced weapon?
How do you think about fighting ants?
How many times do I have to tell you?
How was he? He didn't throw a tantrum for waking him up?
How was the Expedition? From the looks of it, it must've been pretty tough.
Hunt 10 Orc Babies.
Hunt 20 Orc Skeletons.
Hunt the Vitata who takes care of the ant eggs.
I already informed Boya at the Eden Group headquarters.
I always give the same test to the trainees that come here..
I am a busy man.
I am a little bored waiting for trainees. Where are they?
I am concerned about the ribbon.
I am pretty sure they taste great!
I am really proud of the Eden Group.
I am so tired leave me alone.
I am the senior instructor here at Eden Group.
I appreciate it.
I asked Ur to send someone to help me here!
I believe in you!
I believe you. I want to get out of here anyways.
I can always use more Iron materials.
I can give you the gear but I can't strengthen it for you.
I can help you recover so cheer up.
I can't run in by myself, but then Gargoyles attack me out here..
I don't care at all!
I don't even know where to send you now.
I don't exactly do that for just anyone.
I don't have enough time to chat with you...
I don't have permission from Instructor Ur.
I don't know how long I've been waiting here in the snow.
I don't know if this will fit you well
I don't know if you already heard some stories in this village.
I don't know much about the life of an adventurer.
I don't know what weapon will suit you so, you'll get a Dagger.
I don't think you have it with you.
I don't think you're done yet right?
I guess I have no business with you then.
I guess I should do some of this myself~
I guess I should still look into it.
I have eyes on the top of my head haha.
I have some things to report to Instructor Ur.
I hope they're useful to you.
I hope those evil souls left it alone..
I just got a message from Johan.
I just realized... this was your first mission, wasn't it?
I just received a message from Kiren.
I just want to be sure that you're worthy of using my services.
I knew I should've asked you to hunt more than 1.
I know, I know, I'm pretty amazing!
I make a sauce with aromatic vegetables and meat in a soup.
I mean not due to you.
I mean they've asked for too much of a simple person like myself.
I mean, can you tell Margaret that it's all done?
I need 20 Iron Ore, and 10 Iron.
I need to stay and look for something... Good bye.
I promise you I'll give you something good.
I see you didn't get lost.
I see you're not one of our agents?
I see. Is it that time already?
I think I can enter without any worries now!
I think he's not telling me something, but I can't figure out what that is.
I think that's causing these souls from being able to rest in peace.
I thought you said you sent me~!
I use the besk oak to smoke it.
I was just about to fall asleep... Oh well..
I was really shocked and scared when the Eden Group dispatched me here.
I wasn't counting that you'd make it.
I will heal you.
I will help you recover so cheer up.
I will make your weapon even more enhanced.
I will start to upgrade.
I will strengthen your equipment after you've done a personal request of mine.
I wish I could but I can't.
I won't give help to you anymore.
I won't help you unless you do that first!
I would like to say more in detail but I'm getting so tired.
I wouldn't be surprised if he did
I wouldn't have last long here by myself.
I'll also give you the other gear that comes along with this set.
I'll assist you from here!
I'll be here if you change your mind.
I'll be resting here until you're done.
I'll be testing how skilled you are as well...
I'll be waiting outside.
I'll give you good armor and equipment that you'll be proud of.
I'll give you the option to grant this effect on the selected gear.
I'll help you recover if you are tired.
I'll inform Instructor Ur.
I'll just be here making sure other people hunt the Nepenthes. I might ask them to hunt more than 1 who knows.
I'll make you feel better though.
I'll see you then.
I'll send you to the 2nd step of course B.
I'll send you to the second step of course A.
I'll stay and clean up the rest, hehe
I'll strengthen the new Eden Group equipment for you by giving it a random stat boost.
I'll watch your back!.
I'll watch your back, like last time.
I'm doing this for everyone.
I'm getting it done.
I'm going to take a nap.
I'm here to give you missions based on your current base level.
I'm in a crisis here!
I'm just a member of Eden Group...
I'm lending my services to those who are worthy.
I'm not a thief...
I'm not holding a grudge just because they ate my lunch.
I'm not just doing this for myself you know.
I'm not permitted to do this by Instructor Ur.
I'm pretty sure that it isn't that difficult to do.
I'm so glad that someone strong like you came.
I'm still tired to finish...
I'm supposed to hunt those Pinguiculas. Just 5 of 'em.
I'm sure Romeo gave you some items, but we brought more useful things.
I'm sure he'll recognize you first.
I'm sure he'll reward you for your time.
I'm sure they will have good news for you.
I'm sure you are familiar with most places around here
I'm sure you'll do fine without me watching.
I'm waiting for a different trainee right now.
I'm waiting for someone scheduled to help me.
I've been watching you closely and you've done well. Go back to Ur and deliver this report.
I've given you the peak of your weapon's efficiency.
I've never seen anyone pass it so perfectly like you did.
I... I'm a busy person!
I... see... I see...
If I make a mistake, Reke will punish me.
If anyone steps on the hole they will fall into the cave through the hole in the sand..
If at any time you think you have equipment that you need to strengthen come by me again.
If it wasn't for that terrible accident, Glast Heim would still be
If somebody falls into Ant Hell it might be a bit safer than before.
If there was a tragic accident now, the capital of the Rune-Midgarts Kingdom could revert back to there.
If you are in trouble just come back here to safety.
If you can't find Andre go deeper into the cave.
If you can.
If you don't like the result then you can come back again tomorrow.
If you feel you're in too much danger. Just come back.
If you go there he will give you a big welcome.
If you have an interest, ask Instructor Boya at the desk.
If you have any interest, meet Instructor Boya at the desk.
If you have any questions ask that dog.
If you have interest in joining us,
If you have one of these bring them to me.
If you have questions ask him.
If you see Maya just run away.
If you stay cautious, they shouldn't be too threatning...
If you treat them the same as a normal Poring it will get you in trouble.
If you want to conquer Orc Village completely, you should kill them before they have more Orc Babies.
If you want to stay there then earn your keep by doing missions. Got it?
If you want, you can get a uniform from the Eden Group.
If you were sent from the Eden Group for training, wait for me at the town.
If you're hurt I'll heal you a bit.
If you're interested, talk to Raim.
If you've completed step 1
If you've completed step 2, we offer extra weapons including the basic equipment.
In the case of ants, they assist eachother when attacked.
Instead of a normal reward I'll give you an advanced equipment.
Instructor Ur has a lot of training missions doesn't he?
Instructor Ur sent you?
Is hunting the Nepenthes too much for you?
Is that correct?
Isn't it magnificent?
Isn't this the easiest mission you've ever had?
It all started with them bickering.
It can't be helped, I guess. Let's go to a different spot..
It goes well with Laime but with Luke... I don't know..
It has three kinds of dishes and the main is....
It is also mixed with chopped meat like sausages.
It is manufactured for beginners so they don't have the best effect but they're still cheaper than equipment in the shops.
It seems simple but it is really good and healthy.
It shouldn't be hard to get these can you bring them right away?
It's 4,000 Zeny.
It's a good dish to share with your friends.
It's a hard living.
It's a masterpiece of meat... Legend of the meat class!
It's a pretty gloomy city come to think of it.
It's a roll with steamed rice, vegetables and meat inside.
It's a very fun dish to enjoy.
It's all up to you.
It's better to kill them before they grow up.
It's cold in there but this job has to be done.
It's different from what you saw in Payon, right?
It's enough to say that you've conquered Ant Hell.
It's especially bad around the Abbey in the south.
It's hard to survive from there.
It's like a vacation isn't it?
It's made of sea grass so, it's dry like paper.
It's more than that~
It's nice to see you still strong!
It's not very pleasant so let's move on.
It's one of the goals of the Eden Group.
It's probably all those factories right there...
It's really calm...
It's really not that difficult to hunt 1 so just go to the field East of here and kill one of them.
It's simple and cheap so it is really popular with everyone.
It's the last step of the training mission in the Orc Dungeon.
It's the last step so be careful.
It's the most proper mission for your level.
It's the proper place to finish the beginners training mission for an adventurer like you.
It's the representative meal for normal citizens.
It's time for you to receive a new weapon.
It's too bad, isn't it?
It's your choice.
Just 3,000 Zeny.
Just Vitata, isn't that an easy opponent?
Just eat in the restaurant.
Just in case I will recover all your energy.
Just like other monasteries, this one has an underground graveryad as well, but..
Just means you've improved that much.
Just take a look around and don't touch anything.
Kill the bone Skeletons in there.
Killing undead?
Krrrrr...
Laime was a servant? Wasn't she?
Let me choose a proper place for you.
Let me guess...
Let me help you recover if you are tired.
Let me see... you will receive..
Let me see....
Let's begin the enhancement.
Let's defeat some of them as a warm up.
Let's defeat the ones around here first, since going underground may be too much for just us.
Let's go with a simple mission this time
Let's kill about 10 Stalactic Golems on the way out.
Let's see due to the moisture my skin is so soft.
Let's take care of these Evil Druids this time.
Let's try going out through the north.
Let's try taking on one of the big monsters
Lets conquer the dangerous ghost cave...
Look for the cave located to the north. There's someone there named Romeo.
Make enough space.
Make sure that it's in your inventory, got it?
Make sure you have enough room for the supplies.
Make sure you have enough room.
Make things.
Many kinds of ants have come to live here.
Margaret gets everything she wants back at the camp.
Margaret sent you instead of someone else I bet.
Margaret was asked to scout for both of us. It's like what you're doing now.
May Freya bless you.
Maybe you saw an Andre when you were hunting Pierre.
Me? Well of course... I'm going to stand guard here.
Mermans are not easy opponents.
Mind your own business, go away..
Mine and Margaret are always trying to mess with me because of my win-!
Mine didn't send you did he?
Mine is a stooge?
Mine made an idle threat and huffed and puffed but didn't do anything.
Mine said that he was strong enough to defeat any monster.
Morocc is the closest city, northeast of here.
Most jobs should be managed by yourself. So it might be difficult, right?
Muahaha~
My fingers and toes are not attached to each other amazing.
Mysteriously although we're under the sea you can still breathe here.
Next task is to clearing this area of monsters.
Next... I guess you already see while you were killing Skeletons.
No no, that's the same thing!
No no.. Not here.
No way?!
No, what are you talking about?
No, you don't have to do that.
Nor is there any real ambition.
North of the city of Rachel is a cave filled with ice.
Not too difficult, right?
Nothing like a cave that's cold the entire year.
Nothing. It's so cute.
Now I can go back to the camp and...
Now I don't have to get the materials myself.
Now I love this environment so much.
Now for course meal C...
Now hunt those undead monsters down there.
Now it's the last step so cheer up and let's kill 10 Vitata.
Now it's time to hunt 10 Orc Warriors.
Now look around here
Now where did the time go~
Now you can move on to the next step.
Now you should understand how the orc tribe works here in Orc Village.
Now you're feeling more at ease about this.
Now, it's time to fight with a real magician!
Now, that's it.
Now, what have I happened to do next.
OH, sometimes
Of course I'm just kidding.
Of course there will be a reward eventually...
Oh and congratulations!
Oh are you tired?
Oh cruel world.
Oh cruel world...
Oh don't worry she won't mind. I'll just go back to doing what I was doing. Here's your reward.
Oh oh!!
Oh so you're not here by your own will eh?
Oh! You're here!
Oh, if you haven't reinforced your weapon yet, go talk to BK.
Oh, my mistake.
Oh, so you're here for the training from Instructor Ur.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, sure.
Oh, that training mission thing.
Oh, that's right! I'm supposed to give you something.
Oh, there he is.
Oh, you came back~!
Oh, you want help recovering your HP/SP huh?
Oh, you were sent here by Ur?
Oh... it might have been an anoying fight.
Ohh!
Oh~ That's okay.
Oh~ You are pretty strong!
Ok I don't want to admit it but you gotta help me out here.
Ok I'll go deal with them.
Ok for the first reinforcement.
Ok here's the deal.
Ok if you're ready go and kill those Poporings.
Ok just because I was complaining doesn't mean they have to send me here!
Ok let's try to hunt the weakest ant first.
Ok what weapon did you have now?
Ok, I guess you're the bare minimum level for these missions.
Ok, I will recover your strengh so, keep going.
Ok, I'm in a bit of a situation right now so I asked Instructor Ur to use his missions to help.
Ok, cheer up and see you again.
Ok, let me check what mission you should get ok?
Ok, seems that the enhancement went well.
Ok, we don't have a lot of time so let's begin.
Ok... keep going.
Okay then, be safe.
Okay!!
Okay, I'll give you equipment.
Okay, go and hunt 15 Merman.
Okay, next task!
Okay, shall we?
Okay, so just one last thing...!
Okay, then go in the cave and find those Siroma.
Okay, this is the last step.
Okay, what weapon do you want to enhance?
On the next step we will fight with Orc Warriors.
Once you do that I can help you.
Once you get to the Abbey you'll see our unit member stationed in front of the entrance.
Once you've chosen you can't change your mind again.
One Eden Group Hat.
One Eden Group Manteau.
One Eden Group Uniform I.
One of our guard leaders.
One of the strongest boss monsters is in here.
One of the trainees was planning to visit me but that person still hasn't showed yet. I am getting nervous.
One of those monsters is known as a Siroma.
One pair of Eden Group Boots I.
Orc Lady is the last target.
Orcs don't like humans.
Other people have come and go since you've been here last.
Password
People of Einbroch say that the pollution is really bad in the north.
Phew... It's been so tough.
Pick them up at the weapon storage.
Pierre is a worker. Andre is a guardian and so... Vitata is like a mother.
Pierre is the name of the weakest ant.
Please check it again.
Please come back alive.
Please listen carefully
Please select the variable you want to modify.
Please, come back alive.
Poporings are stronger than you expect.
Que hay?
Que?
Raim's a good guy.
Reach the final stage of training.
Really how did you get here then?
Really? At your level, I think you can easily complete the top class missions..
Recently trainees have come here more and more so, I can't sleep at all.
Remember the stats that are enhanced will be random.
Remember, 10 Stalactic Golems. Then come to the other side of northern part of the cave
Report back to Instructor Ur and report that the job is done.
Romeo seems to be back from his field report.
Rumor is that Luke was the family guard.
SEL:...... Look
SEL:About course meal A.
SEL:About course meal B.
SEL:About course meal C.
SEL:Beautiful Saury
SEL:Beautiful Tuna
SEL:Boya is really great.
SEL:Boya is really perfect.
SEL:Boya is really soft.
SEL:Conquer Ant Hell
SEL:Don't you have equipment?
SEL:Fresh Mackerel
SEL:I have enough room.
SEL:I have got enough space.
SEL:I want a explanation.
SEL:I want to join training.
SEL:I will make more space.
SEL:I'll come back.
SEL:Just wanted to meet you
SEL:Let me check my inventory
SEL:Luke?
SEL:Margaret sent me
SEL:No wait.
SEL:Order a meal.
SEL:Order course meal A
SEL:Order course meal B
SEL:Order course meal C
SEL:Talk.
SEL:To get supplies
SEL:Upgrade AGI
SEL:Upgrade DEX
SEL:Upgrade INT
SEL:Upgrade LUK
SEL:Upgrade STR
SEL:Upgrade VIT
SEL:Upgrade equipment
SEL:What about the hat?
SEL:What about you?
SEL:What? I came for training..
SEL:Where am I?
SEL:Where is here?
SEL:Yes I am.
SEL:para_suv01
SEL:para_suv02
Sadly humans don't want to communicate with them either.
Sand flowed into the hole gradually.
Seasonal changes don't make any difference in the temperature here.
See, to cheer up I will heal you until you finish the training.
See, to cheer you up I will heal you until you finish the training.
Since I got a report, I was waiting for you.
Since there is a Expedition Camp there...
Since you are a eden member you get a 10% discount so, it's 2,700 zeny.
Since you are a eden member you get a 10% discount so, it's 3,600 zeny.
Since you are a eden member you get a 10% discount so, it's 4,500 zeny.
Skeletons are basic undead.
Skeletons are one of the basic undead classes.
So I insisted that he go to either East or West of the camp and show me.
So anyways now I'm charged with asking people to go and hunt 1 Nepenthes because of that bickering incident.
So can you find him out there in Splendide Field?
So don't go deeper into that cave or you will die for sure.
So go to him and he can make your equipment stronger.
So hunt those Siromas and get the materials.
So it might be useless to you or not.
So now, ^4d4dffmake sure that you have enough free inventory space.^000000
So shall we begin?
So take your time and I'll be waiting.
So that, travelers coming from the north can safely walk through.
So this is where the people of Rachel go for their ice supply.
So treat them with caution and care.
So we decided to take a strong approach towards them.
So what equipment do you want to enhance?
So what's up?!
So why are you here?
So why even bother coming?
So, I can't offer them to higher jobs.
So, have you punished those Porcellio's yet?
So, how good of an explorer are you now?
So, the mission, once again, is finding our agent at the Midgard Expedition Camp.
So...
So... skills which can save people like Heal and Resurrection.
Some green things are picking up all of the stuff dropped by the dead monsters.
Something wrong?
Sorry but I can't do it twice.
Sorry but I can't help you.
Sorry, but I can't find any record that you can obtain supplies.
Sorry, but it doesn't seem like you have a weapon that can be enhanced.
Sorry, but your basic level should be at least 60 to help with these missions.
Strengthen your equipment eh?
Strouf are not easy opponents.
Sure, the uniform goes well with you.
Take it easy here.
Tell him I sent you, and he'll give you instructions.
Tell the cat ^4d4dffBoya's help is like a giant and beautiful tuna^000000.
Tell the dog ^4d4dffBoya is really great.^000000
Thank you! I really appreciate it!
That Glast Heim Abbey is clear now.
That should be good enough.
That took quite a bit of time huh?
That was great..
That will be your 1st training mission here.
That's enough for today.
That's so sad.
That's the last of it anyways.
That's why we chose this place as step 2 of the battle training mission.
That's why we've chosen this place for this mission.
The 1st floor is safer now. Thanks for helping.
The Blacksmith BK said he'll reinforce your weapon.
The Eden Group... sometimes receives jobs.
The biggest stumbling block is dealing with the Siromas.
The bones are from Skeletons.
The card added from the previous step will be doubled.
The cause for the pollution... Find it and destroy it.
The city's pollution is unbearable
The fields outside of Einbroch isn't too bad.
The first step is at least a higher degree of training so have you done the Eden Group training yet?
The ingredients mix well with the spicy sauce.
The leader makes the designs these days.
The leaders have worked together for a long time.
The meat is boiled so it is fork tender in the soup.
The monster is called Strouf!
The monster that is holding a trident.
The monsters are at the northern fields of Einbroch.
The next target is the Orc Skeleton who was walking next to the Orc Zombies.
The proof that you have there.
The safest place is in here.
The thing about this cave is that, many monsters are created from stones.
The undead monsters are dangerous and threatening.
Then, should I send you somewhere farther this time?
There an industrial city called Einbroch.
There are Dryads and Wootans here...
There are Orc Warriors, Orc Ladies and Orc Babies in Orc Village.
There are many dangerous things there. Hmm...
There are many of dead souls that change their appearance as if they are real people and make threatening remarks.
There are many undead monsters down there.
There are no fees to join!
There are no more training tasks here.
There are plenty of them around here. 30 shouldn't be too hard right?
There is a Cat Paw Agent here.
There is a boss monster named Maya so you should be more cautious.
There is a cave on the western hill of the archer village.
There is a cave under the ground, normal orcs don't come here.
There is a industrial city called Einbroch.
There is a small archer village north of Payon.
There should be things you can hunt out there.
There's only one more stage.
These missions are not very difficult to do.
They all are powerful warriors.
They also can't be traded with other players or be refined.
They are called 'Evil Druid' as well.
They are just down here.
They are really aggressive.
They are really kind to kids and women but don't show any pity to ants.
They are really well organized.
They are the corrupted souls of priests.
They are worried that pollution will drift into the town.
They don't try to communicate with us. When they see humans they immediately attack us.
They look like demons, but we can't tell for sure...
They look really bad, maybe they have been eating poison or something.
They should be a good challenge for you.
They will attack you anywhere without hesitating.
Thief Bugs around here.^000000
This abbey is our responsibilty.
This area is a place for relaxation.
This cave is really deep and there are lots of precious things that they could have picked up.
This course is called 'Conquer Anthell!'.
This course is called 'Conquer the Ghost Cave!'.
This food with meat and vegetables in hot soup has it's origins from nomadic life under the cold and dry nature.
This has been difficult.
This is Glast Heim Abbey.
This is a general request in order to receive the next board's request.
This is not really...
This is the ice dungeon of the northern plains.
This is the last test.
This is the last training stage prepared!
This isn't a good place to talk so let's hurry.
This meal costs 3,000 zeny but I will serve it for 2,700.
This meal costs 3,000 zeny.
This meal costs 4,000 zeny but I will serve it for 3,600.
This meal costs 4,000 zeny.
This meal costs 5,000 zeny but I will serve it for 4,500.
This meal costs 5,000 zeny.
This place is linked with the dungeon of Orc Village.
This place is really good to take a rest because Orcs don't come here.
This should be pretty easy for you.
This step is called 'Conquer Ghost Cave~'.
This training mission is made for beginners.
Thorn gave inspiration and I intend on providing strong equipment, that's how to live life.
Those Siromas are going to just get rowdier by the minute.
Those Siromas seem to be growing at a faster rate.
Those things are really strong attacks to undead class.
Through him, you can get to Ash Vacuum pretty easily .
To conquer Ant Hell you have one step left.
To get it you need to complete their missions.
To prepare for emergencies, we hav enough equipment and supplies for an entire army.
To show my support, let me give you some EXP and HP recovery.
To us it seems like a normal happening so it isn't a matter of survival like to normal people.
To what do I owe this pleasure?
To you the 1st floor is enough.
To.. me.. the hat... um.
Try avoiding the Mermans and hunt 10 Strouf, kill them.
Try defeating some of them.
Try to hunt 20 Orc zombies in the dungeon.
Two of the supplies, the ^4d4dffHat and Manteau^000000,
Ugh this is difficult.
Ugh, I still haven't found the thing I lost.
Ugh, It's way too hot here.
Ugly looking insects... They steal too..
Uh-huh...
Uh-huh....
Uh. Conquer Ant Hell? Did you say that?
Uh... You didn't hear that did you?
Uh? Missions. Did you find the right place?
Uh? What Orc? Explore the dungeon?
Uh? what do you want to know?
Uhh...
Uhuhuhuh aaaang!
Um course meal B is.
Um...
Um... You are not on the third step of the training?
Umm, didn't you upgrade this already?
Umm... Aaaaa...
Umm...?
Unbelievable why did you come here?
Undead never ever. Hunt 15 undead Skeletons.
Until then I won't talk to you.
Upgrading your Hat is a special service.
Use the Heal or Resurrection skill.
Ve ahora!
Ve ve ve!
Vitata!
Wait...I will check the record...
Was it good?
Watch out for other monsters as well.
Way to go passing by.
We also have a lot of special stuff.
We are brokers that send help where help is needed. More adventurers like you means more profit.
We are not related to each other, are we...
We can only offer 1 upgrade.
We can only upgrade the Eden Group Hat.
We can't manufacture all of the weapons in the world, don't you agree?
We dispatched him to do something and he hasn't done it yet so I'm guessing he's either chickened out or failed.
We have chosen the proper weapon for each class.
We have dispatched someone in front of the cave.
We have more upgraded weapons, uniforms and boots.
We have rewards for you.
We made them especially for the Eden Group.
We only have 1 weapon for you.
We serve meals to everyone.
We should all be thankful.
We store weapons, armor and other goods which were created by the Eden Group here.
We understand each other?
We will supply 1 Weapon, Shoes and Uniform so a total of three things.
We're in a dense forest now.
We're trying to conquer Orc Village.
Weapons Expert BK is at Eden Group Headquarters and he can do that for you.
Weapons aren't the only things that need strength, though, don't you agree?
Well anyways here's a small reward.
Well, I'm an instructor for Eden Group.
Well, good luck~!
Well, if it wasn't infested with undead monsters, it would become the new capitol of Rune-Midgarts.
Well, now let's hunt Andre aswel.
Well, then come back here alive when you're done!
Well, well...
Well, whatever the Nepenthes and Pinguicula proof has been collected.
Well... I guess you don't have to go all the way into the graveyard...
Well... I know that you've got the heart but you're just a little too weak to help.
Well... this is the reason why you train right?
Were you there yet?
What I guess is... he might be a son of a rich family.
What a fiasco this has turned out to be
What are we going to... oh don't worry.
What are you looking at?
What are you waiting for?
What brings you today?
What challenge would that be if I did that?
What did you think of those threatening Mermans?
What do you say are you up for the challenge?
What do you think about my story?
What do you think of Ant Hell?
What is it? You'll help me. Is that right?
What kind of weapon do you want?
What serious?
What status bonus do you want to upgrade?
What you do with it is up to you.
What's going on?
What's happening?
What, You're done already?
What? Isn't that it?
What? You aren't?
Whatever, anyway I'm in a crisis here!
When Orc Babies grow up they become strong Orc Warriors.
When the soup is almost done I add noodles for the finishing touch.
When you finish these missions I will even give you a pretty decent reward.
When you were fighting Orc Babies, you probably have been attacked by them.
Where you are?
Which location would suit you...?
Who is also in charge of the security in this office.
Why did you come here, are you looking for danger?
Why did you come here, looking for danger?
Why did you come here?
Why don't you join my group?
Why don't you just try it.
Why? It'll be beter than it is.
Woooohh...
Would you look at that. Your weapon will now be stronger.
Yeah I can tell.
Yeah I understand that.
Yeah!
Yeah, here we go.
Yeah, if this is okay?
Yeah?
Yeah? Oh what?
Yeeee~ I'm excited~
Yes! I found a thing that you are missing!
Yes, 
Yes, this one...
Yes, yes? Why not?
You are a member of my group.
You are a trainee.
You are exhausted from the extremely hot weather in the desert.
You are having such a hard time.
You are in Anth Hell southwest of Morocc.
You are not the one I am waiting for.
You are strong so it will be fine!
You be careful in there.
You came here to join the training mission, right?
You can already feel the strong power from outside...
You can by yourself right?
You can do it right?
You can explore the new world
You can get there by going to Morocc and then through Pharos Lighthouse.
You can go back to Eden now
You can leave now.
You can strengthen the equipment that I gave you.
You can tell them apart by their strange laugh.
You can't change your mind after so choose wisely.
You can't get it easily but..
You did a really good job even under the hot weather.
You did really great job. Excellent.
You didn't get eden group uniform?
You didn't want to be here right?
You do that.
You don't have a record of receiving any supplies
You don't seem to have that weapon in your possession.
You finished so fast.
You get what I'm saying?
You have come to the right place.
You have completed the training mission.
You have not awakened yet.
You have now completed the 'Conquer Orc Village!' training mission. Congratulations.
You have to finish your training.
You have to have the equipment first in order for me to do anything.
You have to travel very far to get to the ^4d4dffMidgard Expedition Camp^000000!
You have to wait for some time first.
You haven't received all the supplies up to step 3.
You know it? It's a city covered in smog.
You know where the Blacksmith is at right??
You know? As in Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo.
You look like an expert.
You look like an expert...
You look tired I will recover your health.
You look tired, I will recover your health.
You mean upgrading equipment, right?
You might get a new uniform.
You might have guessed your next target already.
You must be getting a hang of this..
You must bring me those to pass this test.
You must go through this cave to the outside.
You must not have gotten the basic equipments yet, right?
You need to be one of our members to use my services.
You really got these by defeating the monsters?
You seem a bit flushed.
You seem like a cool-headed person. What do you think about the ice caves?
You should be exhausted by now.
You should hunt 10 of them.
You sure you don't want to enhance it?
You sure you want me to enhance this?
You think I'll lose!
You understand?
You want something from me?
You were sent here by Instructor Ur right?
You will feel satisfied after eating it.
You will get a new uniform, aren't you excited?
You will get good news.
You will receive the Eden Group uniform aswel.
You will receive the last uniform from the Eden Group headquarters.
You'll appreciate the environment here so much more after visiting that city...
You'll get nothing from me~!
You're a trainee for sure.
You're a valient and skilled exorcist!
You're finally here!
You're here in paradise.
You're not lying about being a real adventurer are you?
You're not the one Ur sent, are you?
You've already done it once so this shouldn't be difficult...
You've brought everything.
You've brought me the best quality materials.
You've came a long way, I won't make you do anything too tough, don't worry.
You've completed all of the training missions so go back to the headquarters and get approval from the flashy Rune Knight.
You've completed the last training course.
You've completed the training quickly.
You've done enough, I know.
You've followed the training mission well under hot and humid circumstances.
You've fought these before, so clearing this cave should be possible.
You've heard of it? It's a city clouded with pollution.
You've recovered some HP and SP. -
You've recovered your HP and SP. -
Your armor can be strengthened by someone else.
Your level would suggest that Comodo is just too easy for you.
Your skills at defeating those Stalactic Golems were better than I expected.
Your skills have been verified.
Your training is done so go back and talk to Instructor Ur.
Your training mission has been completed.
Your training mission is to help me clear out this Abbey!
^4d4dffCheck your inventory first.^000000
^4d4dffPlease check you inventory to get those supplies.^000000
^4d4dffPlease check your inventory to get those items.^000000
^4d4dffThe cat was suprised by
^4d4dffThere is a desert town called Morocc.
a thief bug and froze in
but it's really true that three people established this Eden Group.
kkkkkaaaaauuuunnng.
kkkkuuuuahhh.
krrrrreuung. hup.
oopssss kup.
place. Hunt those
rib eye roll
rrrrrruuuuhh.
so, you'll receive the Eden Group Hat and Manteau aswell.
strip loin,
the Eden Group Boots II and Uniform II.
the Eden Group Boots III and Uniform III.
the capital of Rune-Midgarts, not Prontera.
umm emm.. 
umm emm.. ummm..
we can supply you with a Eden Group Hat, Uniform, Manteau and Boots.
will only be given out once.
you will receive good news.
you won't regret your decision.
