So, how do you like Hugel?
It is a peaceful village, isn't it?
El Sr. Herico tiene dificultad para moverse, asi que usualmente se queda en su habitacion.
Por favor ve a pasar un rato con el. Se que lo apreciara.
Entonces, que te parece Hugel?
Es un pueblo pacifico, no?
Por que no vas a quitarte algo de peso de encima primero, y regresas?
The weather is beautiful today. *Sigh* But my body aches too badly to go out...
Hello!
Shede?
Oh, hello. Ms. Shede asked me to drop you by. Nice to meet you, I am ^3131FF"+strcharinfo(0)+"^000000.
Ah, hello. I heard that recently an airport was built in this town. So, are you from a different city?
I like to see new things...although I don't like this chilly wind.
How do you like Hugel?
It is a peaceful and beautiful village, although I can tell that it is experiencing a change.
Everyone looks happy, and they feel very different than people in the other areas.
So I feel like that I am in a different land.
Everyone has worries and happyness at the same time.
You must have travelled many cities of this country,
and have figured out many things on your own.
Am I right?
SELECT:Yes, you are right.:I am not so sure.:No.
I think that my senses are still working fine.
People's eyes tell many things to me.
Your eyes are telling me your admiration and astonishment
toward what you have seen in Hugel,
which is a totally different experience for you.
People of Hugel don't question anyone.
It is an unwritten law of this village.
That is why I could have been resting in this village without worries.
However, as I see you, I suddenly have an urge to ruminate on my past
that I have never spoken to anyone.
May I have a moment of your time, if you don't mind?
Perhaps we will learn something from each other's story.
Then I guess that you have not been deeply impressed by this country.
Haha, alright, that's fine.
Oh, am I not?
Haha, I am sorry for hazarding a conjecture.
Hmm...can you tell me your name once again?
Yes, my name is ^3131FF"+strcharinfo(0)+"^000000.
^3131FF"+strcharinfo(0)+"^000000, I have many interesting stories for you.
However, before I tell you my stories, I would like to ask you something. Do you mind?
As you see, ever since an airport was built in this Hugel, many strangers are coming in and going out this village.
It may be a good change for Hugel, so that more people will know about its existence.
However, I have this bad feeling about the airport and airships.
I do not think that this country is not extending their airlines only for the transportation purposes.
Did you know that more and more people are using the ferry after the airport was built?
Can't you see the reason of my doubt?
Please find out the secret about the airship and the island.
Then I will tell you my stories.
I hope that you will do your best to find out the secret.
Welcome back. I have been waiting for you with eager anticipation to hear about the secret.
Now, please tell me what you have found out.
- You told him what you have seen and heard from the Odin Shirine, -
- such as Giantes, Ymir's Heart and Rekenber. -
Rekenber...So, they have expanded
their power even to this small village, Hugel.
Do you know about them?
Of course, I know them too well.
Thank you so much for your effort.
I am afraid that your dangerous journey has not been ended.
Well, this is time for me to tell you my story.
I hope that you will enjoy it.
Hmm...I don't know where to start.
As you know, we have bionic machines called
^FF0000Guardians^000000.
We are using Guardians to protect important facilities
or to avoid meaningless murders.
Have you ever thought about how the people in old times
would protect their important facilities without guardians?
Perhaps, they hired many men to do that?
Yes, you are right.
For the longest time, Schwarzwald Republic had had
^3131FFMercenary Soldiers^000000 who exchanged their lives
with the good money, and they used to take care of
all the dirty jobs in the past.
They lost their jobs when Rekenber successfully invented and publicized guardians.
Guardians were made for humans, but sadly it was the worst thing that could happen to them.
As they lost their jobs to guardians, they rose in rebellion called ^FF0000Mercenary Rebellion^000000.
This Mercenary Rebellion was greatly responded to by the public.
However, they lost people's trust by choosing ^3131FFa violent method^000000
to fight, instead of appealing to the public in a convincible way.
In other words, they lost their game by making a critical mistake.
Ever since their rebellion was failed,
survivors of the rebellion have disappeared beyond history.
Not only that, they held a fight with guardians in
^FF0000the Sage Varmunt's birthplace^000000
which was our proud national treasure!
So the house was completely destroyed by the battle, and
since then, no one knows where Sage Varmunt is.
Sage Varmunt.....!
Oh...I must have been really upset about it.
To be honest with you,
Sage Varmunt is partially responsible on guardians.
You know that he was the one
who created their motive power.
It is riduculous that the mercenary soldiers were trying to
make their revenge on Sage Varmunt
for inventing guardians, you know.
But, it is understandable because they lost their jobs to guardians.
I heard about the Mercenary Rebellion after everything was ended,
so there was nothing that I could do about Sage Varmunt.
He disappeared, and I couldn't figure out more
than what I found from his birth place...so...
I came to Hugel and settled down here.
I tried to find at least a little bit of his documents from his laboratory...
but everything was gone...huh?
Hold on, I just remember something very important!
Where are all of his research documents?
No...did mercenary soldiers took them or...possibly dispose them?
Damn it! I am so stupid! Grrr...
How couldn't I think about this earlier?
"+strcharinfo(0)+", can you see what I want to tell you now?
I have to take a long time to remember everything
about the incident, but you must understand
that this is an extremely important matter.
Mercenary Rebellion was a huge issue back then.
Hopefully, there will be at least one news reporter
who remembers about the rebellion.
Please go to Lighthalzen and find a news reporter
who still remembers about the rebellion.
If you find him, please ask him if he knows whereabouts of the rebellion survivors,
so that you can find out what happened to Sage Varmunt and his research documents.
How have you been doing?
Did you find Sage Varmunt's research documents?
Well, about the documents...
SELECT:I ate them.:Rekenber has taken them into their possession.
I ate them.
Hahaha! That's funny!
No, it is not funny.
Then...SPIT THEM OUT!
SPIT THEM OUT!
I SAID, SPIT THEM OUUUUUT!
Err...I was just kidding...
Haha, the first part was funny,
but the second part was kind of scary, you know?
So, tell me, where are all of his research documents?
Rekenber has taken them into their possession.
It was expected.
What do you have in mind?
First, I think that I should inform you about my true identity.
I may now be an old man whose days are numbered,
but I used to work at ^3131FFthe Ymir's Heart imitation research department
 in Regenschirm laboratory^000000 under Sage Varmunt's supervision.
You look very surprised.
Does it mean that you are the one
who created the Ymir's Heart imitation?
Well, I was a mere assistant of Sage Varmunt,
so I can't say that I created it.
Rekenber has been secretly gathering ^FF0000Ymir's Heart Pieces^000000.
They are very obsessed with Ymir's Heart Pieces,
and I guess that it is because of the enormous power that the heart pieces possess within..
However, the power of the original heart pieces
are too strong for humans to control.
Thus, it is not fiseable to manipulate the power
as energy sources.
That is why ^3131FFthe imitations of Ymir's Heart
Pieces^000000 have been created.
We, researchers including Sage Varmunt, endeavoured
our effort in studying and analyzing the revolutionary energy source
for a long time.
And our effort has gained a fruitful result; the Imitations of Ymir's Heart Piece.
With the invention, we could create guardians.
We were so happy for the fact that we
finally made our dream come true.
But, Sage Varmunt was against the idea of using guardians
for militant purposes, and I heard that he also participated
in the Mercenary Rebellion.
- You told him what you knew about the Mercenary Rebellion. -
Hmm...now I see.
After we succeeded in creating the imitations of Ymir's Heart Piece,
Sage Varmunt looked pretty depressed for some reason.
After all, he left the laboratory and said that ^3131FFby him
staying with Regenschirm laboratory
will make everyone miserable^000000.
I still don't figure out why he said that.
He was a really great scholar.
He always tried to use his knowledge in science for humankind.
As expected, after Sage Varmunt left Regenschirm,
almost every research process started stagnating.
Even many projects were canceled or postponed.
The upper management were threatened by the phenomenon,
so they yelled at people to ^FF0000continue
with their research by all means^000000.
They even allowed people to experiment
on anything that is alive.
That gave me a reason to leave Regenschirm.
Rekenber will do anything to achieve their goals.
They have become too powerful to just be considered a big corporation.
That was why they founded the \"Bio Lab\"
in order to continue with their research without Sage Varmunt.
What? \"Bio Lab\"? I didn't image that they could
even think of that! I can't express enough of my resentment toward them!
Science is to benefit humankinds,
not to harm them. I think that something must be done.
Can you bring me a glass of water?
Can you guess what I am thinking right now?
I am thinking about ^3131FFdestroying Regenschirm^000000.
Rekenber has become as powerful as this Schwarzwald Republic.
I don't think that I could destroy the entire corporation.
But even if I could, it could also lead to the fall of my country,
because that's who big Rekenber means to this country.
So, instead, I am thinking to destroy \"Regenschirm\".
Because the laboratory may not be as big as the corporation,
but at the same time, it has a great meaning to them.
I want to stop their inhumane and dangerous practice in research.
...*Sigh*...Unfortunately, I do not possess any power to
proceed with my plan. Thus, I need your help, desperately.
Let me hear your opinion.
Will you join me in destroying Regenschirm?
SELECT:Sorry, I won't:Yes, I will.
I respect your decision since this is not something
that is okay for you to make a quick judgement.
I appreciate everything that you have done for me so far.
And if you change your mind, feel free to come back any time.
I knew that you are too righteous to
neglect lies and injustice.
I have seen that through your eyes.
I don't know how much we can achieve with this mission,
but it is very meaningful for us to at least try.
Let's discuss further what we should do.
We must find out how we can stop them
from doing more evil things, at least for a while.
Regenschirm is a historic laboratory, and thus
an enormous amount of accumulated research data
has been saved within the laboratory.
Without the research data,
all the researching activity within Regenschirm
will not be progressed.
Regenschirm is located at the underground level
of Rekenber's Lighthalzen headquarters.
It is where their filthy ambitions are reflected on.
Please sneak into the laboratory
and bring ^FF0000their research data^000000 to me.
of Rekenber's Laighthalzen headquarters.
Can you sneak into the place and bring me their research data?
Ah, you are back.
I had a little bit of trouble because I was caught by a guard.
But I took care of it.
Thank you so much for your trouble.
Haha, since they lost their research data,
they wouldn't be able to continue with their research
at least for a while, I hope.
Now, let's get into the next step, shall we?
I know that you have gone through many difficulties so far,
but this might be the most difficult thing that you've ever done.
In my opinion, the bio lab is the most important facility in Regenschirm.
We must not let that kind of inhumane place exist in this world any longer.
I am so horrified by the thought that they have been doing all sorts of evil things
under an excuse of scientific research.
As I analyzed the research data which you have brought to me,
the bio lab is consisted of 3 levels,
and I suspect that the 2nd level is used to
perform experimental research on living bodies.
I am pretty sure that we can find
a miner who knows how to make
Marine Sphere Bottles in ^3131FFEinbech^000000,
since the Marine Sphere Bottles are needed to
blast tunnels inside mines.
Haha...you know what I am going to ask you now, don't you?
Please go meet with ^3131FFthe Marine Sphere Bottle manufacturer^000000,
and purchase some Marine Sphere Bottles.
And explode ^3131FFthe bio experiment equipment^000000 in the 2nd level of bio lab!
I know that this is a difficult task. But, please understand
that you are the only hope that I have.
Please stop them from performing experimental research on living bodies!
And explode ^3131FFthe bio experiment equipment^000000 in the 2nd level of bio lab.
You are the only hope that I have.
Let's hope that it will work out well.
If you know anyone
who can create Marine Sphere Bottles for you,
you may use his instead.
The machine was blown up.
Excellent! Excellent!
Now, I am relieved that they won't be able to
proceed with their bio research at least for a while.
You did a great job, and I am so proud of you.
I assume that there are
some failed experimental objects remaining within the laboratory.
According to the research document,
those experimental objects are identified with ^3131FFHandcuffs^000000.
From now on, I will reward you every time when you bring me
a certain amount of the Handcuffs.
And...even though we succeeded in stopping them for now,
it will not last that long.
We need someone who has a power to stop them permanently.
Sadly, I am not the one.
By any chance, do you know a man who can aid his power in stopping them?
I think that I know one...
Okay, tell me who he is.
Mr. President.....!
Mr. President must be the one who can help us.
You mean Karl...something something?
I may well say that Rekenber owns this country.
I don't think that he has not been influenced by them.
No, Mr. President, who I know,
has been trying to free this country from Rekenber.
Even if he was frustrated by a ridiculous reason at the last time,
I believe that he has not given up in his hope.
Hmm...I see. Then I must count on your word.
I am giving the research data back to you,
so please bring it to Mr. President.
Let's see how well he can handle it.
I appreciate you for doing everything for me so far,
I really appreciate it.
Umm...no, I don't think that I know anyone.
Oh...okay. Hmm...we certainly need someone
with a power who can stop them permanently.
Why don't you go to different cities and find the one
who can help us? I am pretty sure that
you will find one.
Why are you still here?
That research data will aid a great help to Mr. President.
Please deliver it to him as soon as you can.
Hey, welcome back.
SELECT:I brought Handcuffs:Regarding Sage Varmunt's documents
I am willing to exchange 1 of level 4 food with 100 Handcuffs.
SELECT:Exchange:Cancel.
There you go, thank you for your trouble.
I don't think that you have brought me 100 Handcuffs.
When I checked the research data that you have brought to me,
it seemed that Sage Varmunt wrote his documents in cipher,
so they could not decode them.
That explains why they have been obsessed
with bionic researches to figure out on their own.
Hello, everyone. This is Enquro Carson
from Light News.
People want to hear prompt and accurate news.
I feel proud of myself as a news reporter
especially when people are astonished by the news
which I am delivering to them.
SELECT:Mercenary Rebellion:News reporter job
Hmm...Mercenary Rebellion...?
It happened pretty long time ago.
Mercenary soldiers lost their jobs
after guardians were invented.
And they insisted their social security
through a violent method, so the government had to stop them with force.
Do you know any survivor of Mercenary Rebellion?
Welll...I was not assigned to the case,
and the news reporter who kept the coverage of the case
retired long time ago...
Oh, I think that I can check
if he has left any documents about the rebellion.
Give me a moment.
- *Rummage Rummage* -
Oh! I found it.
Mr. Balparan, yes, he is the news reporter,
must be greatly intrigued by the rebellion.
According to this documents, he tried to
contact with the rebellion survivors
after the rebellion ended in failure.
Can you tell me the survivors' locations?
Well, I am not supposed to release
any kind of personal information to outside.
Hmm...but it happened a long time ago, and
I don't know if they are still alive or not...
Thank you so much!
Wait, wait, I didn't say that I would release their information yet.
Actually my motto is that
\"^3131FFEvery bit of information must be shared^000000\".
I hope that you are willing to share any information
that you will find from the survivors with me.
Oh yes, do you know what? \"Commutative contract\".
I heard of a private pub in Morocc,
a city of Rune-Midgarts Kingdom
that is not open to the public.
People keep talking about the pub's best drink,
and I wonder how delicious the drink will be.
Can you please get me the drink? Hahaha, thanks!
.......Hmmm...Hmmm...Hmmm.
- Enquro Carson looks you up and down with squinting his eyes. -
You are not saying that you want to be a news reporter, are you?
Wow, this is that famous drink!
Let's see...*Gulp*
Wow! This is awsome!
It is as delicious as I heard!
Its taste is still lingering on my tongue,
and it is like Wow!
Anyways, according to Mr. Balparan's documents,
errr....yes, this must be the name of the last mercenary soldier.
Mr. Balparan contacted with
^3131FFWintzil Trony^000000,
the last mercenary soldier for the last time in...
^FF0000Hugel^000000. Wait, Hugel?
Isn't that the small country at the corner of Schwarzwald Republic?
What? Hugel?
Previously, it was very difficult to get to Hugel
because there was no safe route.
Basically, the village was like an island within the continent,
but ever since an airport was built there,
the village is now having its period of prosperity.
You are lucky, you know that?
Mr. Balparan gave up on meeting with the mercenary soldier
in Hugel because it was too tough to just get there.
But you, all you need to do is just getting on to the airship.
Oh, by the way, I hope that you will keep
this secret between you and me.
I released the personal information at my discretion,
and I know that I am not allowed to do that. Hehe.
Just get on to the airship and go to Hugel.
Hopefully you will meet with ^3131FFWintzil Trony^000000
or his son...or something.
Oh, be careful not to provoke him though.
He used to be a mercenary soldier, and they were famed for their violence.
This is very shameful for me to confess,
but I tend to make lots and lots of spelling mistakes.
Yeah, I know, it is a shame.
Bah, I am bored.
Hehe...are you from another city?
Heheh.
Hey, little lady?
By any chance, do you know a man named \"Wintzil Trony\"?
There is no man named Wintzil Trony.
Huh?
I am the Wintzil Trony.
I am a girl, not a man.
(^3131FFOh dear Odin, am I on a test?
Or are you trying to make sure that I still have a good memory?
How could...how could...how could this little child
is the last mercenary soldier?! This is absurd!)
Well...lady,
Are you sure that you are the last mer....no, no.
Then do you have any family member who shares the same name as yours?
Like your father, for instance.
I said, I am the only Wintzil Trony in my family.
And I don't have a father.
My mom is out of Hugel to sell Hugel's principal products.
Did...did your father pass away?
I can't help it. He was too old.
Well...do you remember what your father
used to do when he was alive?
My father sowed seeds.
(^3131FFGosh, she is not helping! This is not good!^000000)
Well, lady, I think that people usually
say \"cultivate a field\" instead of saying \"sowing seeds\".
Did you know that?
^3131FFBut my father had only one arm,
so he couldn't do such a hard work like cultivating a field.^000000
But, it was alright. I could help him because I am strong enough.
I cultivated fields with my mom and my father.
Do you want to know how strong I am? Look at this! Yap!
.................!
Umm...lady, can you show me your father's picture
or something that used to belong to him?
Beh~ You are just like the guy who came by a long time ago.
He kept asking me things over and over again,
then he became upset and left.
(He might be the news reporter from the Light News.)
My father was a farmer. That's all I can say.
Beeeeh~
I am living in a house that is pretty empty.
All my father left to us is the shelf at the upstairs.
Do you mind if I take a look at your father's shelf?
Sure!
It is filled with books, and they don't look that interesting.
But, can you be careful to treat the shelf? It is a keepsake from my father.
I am bored and bored! When is my mom coming back?
If you promise me that you will not break it,
you can take a look at the shelf.
- You picked up a very thick book. -
- You opened the book and found out -
- that there were a small book hidden behind.-
SELECT:Read the small book.:Leave it alone.
- You picked up the small book. -
- The book owner must want to -
- keep it secret. -
SELECT:Page 1:Page 2:Page 3:Page 4:Page 5:Page 6:Page 7:Page 8:Page 9:Stop Reading.
- You started reading the 1st page of the book. -
Date: **month **day
I was told that Rekenber succeeded
in creating a type of machine called ^FF0000Guardian^000000.
I have a bad feeling about that, so I decided to write a journal
starting from today and keep everything in record.
\"^FF0000Guardian^000000\" is an android
that was created based on the idea of \"^3131FFGiantes^000000\",
the giant tribe that was said to live in an ancient age.
It is memorized with various commands,
so it is said to handle difficult things for humans as protecting
important facilities and such.
However, those things are our job, the mercenary soldiers' job.
Mercenary soldier groups in many areas
are already agitated by the news of the Guardian creation.
I am worried what is going to happen to us.
- You started reading the 2nd page of the book. -
Everybody in this place seems to be very confused and upset as well as me.
I made a stupid mistake to slip on one of the stairs
while absent-mindedly walking down. I really need to straighten myself out.
- You started reading the 3rd page of the book. -
Today, we, \"Republic Garrison\",
were introduced to ^3131FF2 Guardians.
Those machines joined us for their test operation^000000.
Everyone seemed to be intimidated by their big and heavy frames.
I thought that these machines were supposed to aid humans in doing
hard works. But it doesn't seem to be true.
To me, they are nothing but \"^FF0000weapons of mass destruction^000000\".
Perhaps, they might be intended to be that way from the beginning.
What is going to be next after we finish testing the machines?
No matter how bad other people criticize us for being greedy toward money,
we always take pride in what we are doing, and we always do our best.
We must try our best to do our job, otherwise we will be dead right away.
But, now, we are losing our place to the lifeless machines.
Many people have quit this job after the machines were introduced.
I must admit that I am also being shaken by the thought.
Bah, god damn you, Rekenber! You just have created the worst invention in history!
- You started reading the 4th page of the book. -
No one wouldn't know how boring it is to mount guard with a machine.
- You started reading the 5th page of the book. -
Damn it! Finally it happened today!
Today, our troops was in total disorder.
One of the guardians caused an error and brought havoc.
While we were terrified and didn't know what to do, that broken guardian
crushed the commander of 'Blade Canine Mercenary' to death.
I can't remember how we could regain control over the broken guardian.
My mind is still baffled for the fact that that machine actually killed an innocent guy as I was kind of worried about.
Many people were dispatched from Rekenber to investigate this matter, so hopefully they will figure out
what the hell was wrong with that machine.
But, it is not going to change the fact that one of our comrade was taken his life by that merciless machine,
and no once can replace his place for his family.
- You started reading the 6th page of the book. -
We received a message from upper management.
\"^3131FFKeep our mouth from spreading the story to outside.^000000\", that's the content of message.
Rekenber must have bribed the upper management of our troops with money.
Otherwise, why would they want us to keep our mouth sealed about a such shocking incident?
We, angry mercenary soldiers burst into rage right after the morning session was over.
We went ahead and spread the story about the shocking incident to every mercenary troops.
And then we destroyed every guardian which we found in hangars.
The sounds of hammering metal and sirens were echoing everywhere, everywhere you went.
...We took refuge in a safe place out of our unit because of what happened.
We are planning to assert our social security to the public and inform the public with
the danger of the guardians and the negligence of the government and Rekenber toward the incident.
Our leader told us that he has sent out letters to every mercenary troop
to encourage them to participate in what we are trying to do.
I feel like...that I have just turn into a no-way-out.
I am facing my future with a deep sense of gloom.
- You found a folded note between the pages that you were reading. -
SELECT:Check the note.:Read the next page.
^3131FF.........................^000000
^3131FF...I am so sorry for hearing such devastating news and for your loss.
Every member of our troops are already aware of the shocking incident,
and all of us are uncontrollably enraged.
The government has been bribed 
with Rekenber's filthy money and has become nothing but a puppet.
We must take control over our life once again. Our future depends on us.
We will join you, 'Blade Canine Mercenary' to fight for our rights.^000000
- You started reading the 7th page.-
Our firm will was not enough.
Our desperate effort was not enough!
Many mercenary groups joined us to fight with the government and Rekenber.
But we were too weak to compete with their invincible guardians. We were literally swept away.
They were quicker than we expected in taking action, and lines and lines of guardians were coming after us.
There was nothing that we could do. We met with a disastrous defeat in the battle with guardians.
Everybody is still in shock, but we can't give up now.
I think that we are going to visit a house of a sage called \"Varmunt\" early in the morning.
I don't know why, but it seems that the sage is against the use of guardians.
People say that his mansion is rather like a fortress.
I also don't know why someone would want to build his house
as strong as a fortress. Regardless, I am pretty sure that his support will be a great help for us.
It was a really tiring day today. It was also a very chaotic day.
To be honest, I don't know what is going to happen now.
I am scared if I would die helplessly. I am scared and depressed.
Why must this happen to us, and what have we done to deserve such a horrible treatment?
- You started reading the 8th page. -
Our leader became desperate, so he sent a request to Schwarzwald Republic for ^3131FFa cease-fire agreement^000000.
I guess that he was frightened by guardians around the Varmunt mansion.
Sadly, Schwarzwald Republic declined our request without hesitation.
They stated through their reponse that ^FF0000they would not tolerate this kind of unacceptable rebellion by any means,
and thus, they would take strong action against the rebellion this time.^000000.
I guess that the government is determined to eliminate us, the mercenary soldiers through this event.
People now started showing their resentment toward us, who brought disorder to their country.
This is not right. Something has went wrong. We just wanted the government to secure our lives, that was all.
Since we were declined for a cease-fire agreement, we are planning to hold the last fight tomorrow in this place.
- You started reading the 9th page. -
It has been a while since I wrote a journal last time.
I am in Hugel, a small town at the border of Schwarzwald Republic.
Because of the locational penalty, people of this town seldom see outsiders, and if they see one, they treate them warmheartedly.
Although I didn't have a time to write a journal that time, the last fight in the Varmunt mansion turned out to be our miserable defeat...as I was worried.
I was told that Sage Varmunt disappeared after the fight, and all of his documents were taken by Rekenber.
I am afraid that they might create a more powerful version of the existing guardian by using his documents.
I lost one arm during the last fight, and I barely escaped to Hugel.
I feel so lucky to be in Hugel, because when I arrived, I was a total mess with only one arm,
but the people in this town did not ask me anything but welcomed me.
I have nowhere to go any longer. I am planning to live my life here as long as nothing happens soon.
My arm is throbbing with pain again. The history of mercenary soldiers ended, and I need to rest.
I hope that this will be the last page of my journal.
- The journal was ended at the page. -
- You closed the book. -
Hey, you look pretty heavy, huh?
Do you want me to help you?
Hey, what's up?
I am a professional Marine Sphere Bottle maker.
You can call me Boomer.
SELECT:Buy Marine Sphere Bottle.:End conversation.
Heh, you want my Marine Sphere Bottles, huh?
You know, my bomb never fail to blow things away.
Do you want to cut a tunnel?
You've got the right choice for the bomb here!
One Marine Sphere Bottle is 3,000 zeny.
You must understand that I am providing the bomb at such a low price
considering its amazing performance!
You will regret if you miss this chance. Hahaha!
SELECT:Buy.:Cancel.
Errr...You must have been so hurry to carry your wallet with you.
Just make sure that you are not going to
blow yourself away with this bomb, hahah!
I believe that you will end up coming back to me. Heheh.
Boom! Don't you need a bomb? Boom!
- You found mushrooms that are as big as your palm. -
SELECT:Gather them.:Pass.
- You decided to gather the mushrooms. -
- *Snip Snip* -
- You were being clumsy and broke the mushrooms. You have failed in gathering the mushrooms. -
- You have successfully gathered mushrooms. -
Collected Moks Mushroom Solution: 1ea 
Collected Moks Mushroom Solution: 2ea 
Collected Moks Mushroom Solution: 3ea 
Collected Moks Mushroom Solution: 4ea 
Collected Moks Mushroom Solution: 5ea 
- You decided to pass by them. -
I think that this will do.
- You found very fresh clams whose shells are shining under the sunlight. -
- You started opening clam shells to gather Clam Flesh.-
- Clams are too strong to open. You have failed in gathering Clam Flesh. -
- You have successfully gathered Clam Flesh. -
Collected Clam Flesh: 1ea 
Collected Clam Flesh: 2ea 
Collected Clam Flesh: 3ea 
Collected Clam Flesh: 4ea 
Collected Clam Flesh: 5ea 
- You found big brown Moks Bugs in the bushes. -
SELECT:Catch them.:Pass.
- You nervously stretched your hands toward Moks Bugs.-
- *Whizz Whizz*-
- *Whizz Whizz Bzzzz* -
- The bugs quickly ran away. You have failed to gather their shells. -
- You have successfully gathered Moks Bugs Shells. -
Collected Moks Bugs Shells: 1ea 
Collected Moks Bugs Shells: 2ea 
Collected Moks Bugs Shells: 3ea 
Collected Moks Bugs Shells: 4ea 
Collected Moks Bugs Shells: 5ea 
Aww...I don't want to touch dirty things like bugs!
SELECT:Catch them:Pass.
- You found a pile of paper that was tied up with a thick ribbon.
On the very top paper, a period and a title saying 'Report of the **th Research'
were written.
Good, I must take this with me.
ANNOUNCE:Intruder alert! Protect the research documents!
ANNOUNCE:Intruder alert! Intruder alert!
This must be it...whoa, it looks very spooky.
Today, I am going to destroy you
for making innocent people's lives miserable!
- You threw a Marine Sphere Bottle toward the machine. -
BOOM!
ANNOUNCE:Beep------------------ 
- You were staggered for the fact that
you forgot to bring the Marine Sphere Bottle with you. -
I love sitting in front of a stove because it makes me warm~
Ah...it is so warm and relaxing...and now I feel sleepy...Zzzzz Zzzz...
Recently we have many tourists visiting our town.
They make me pretty busy, but I am so happy to see them enjoying my food. Hohoho!
^3355FFFor some reason, you
feel very warm, safe,
and secure near this
tree. Just being near
it brings you a sense
of overwhelming comfort.^000000
^3355FFWhat's this strange
feeling of dread?
This peculiar chill...
It's almost as if you
were in Niflheim...^000000
This tree means so much
to everyone in this town,
and we all have special
memories of this place. But
that El Schatt fellow plans to
chop it down for his shop...
You see him? That's
El Schatt right there.
I've never met anyone
so cruel and selfish!
Right now he's surveying
the land for construction...
You know, El Schatt and
I used to get along when
he dated my older sister,
Kanainne. In fact, they'd
always spend time together right under that tree. Weird, huh?
Then, well, Kanainne
got really sick, and we...
We couldn't help her. She
passed away, and then El Schatt
just disappeared. It was only
recently that he's come back.
Now El Schatt is just a
heartless, money grubbing...!
He's completely changed.
My sister would be rolling
in her grave, seeing him now...
What? That's...
That's an incredible
story. You met my dead
sister in Niflheim?! You
must be lying to me!
Let's... Let's just
stop talking about this,
okay? I appreciate that you
want to stop El Schatt from
cutting down our tree, but
this is almost too much.
Gosh, all that talk
about Niflheim is...
It's giving me the chills!
A-aren't you cold?
Huh? You're...
Still here...?
Y-you know what's
weird? The weather's
perfectly fine, but I...
I feel so cold all of a
sudden. You don't feel
it at all, don't you?
I think I'm coming down
with something. My head
feels so numb, and I c-can't
focus any of my thoughts.
This is freakin' me out...
...!
...I'm here. I'm really
back! Oh, it's been so
long! Hello, adventurer,
remember me? I'm Kanainne,
the spirit you saw down in
Niflheim. Let me explain...
My spirit was able to follow
you here, and now that I'm
here, I only have so much time
to possess my sister's body,
and then talk to El Schatt.
El Schatt? El Schatt...?
Manainne...?
What do you want?
Quit bugging me,
I'm busy right now...
It's... It's me,
El Schatt, it's Kanainne.
Of course you remember
me, right? Listen, I need to--
Manainne...?!
I'm shocked...
Don't you respect
your own sister?!
I can't believe you'd...
Knock it off right now!
Look, out of my respect
for you and the relationship
that me and your sister had,
I'm going to forget you said
that. But don't you dare use
her name that way again!
Wait, El Schatt!
It's really me, but
I can only speak to you
through my sister for
a short time. L-listen...
Manainne...
You don't make jokes
like that about the departed,
especially if it's Kannaine.
You know better than that!
Where the hell's your respect?!
''If you're the wind,
I'll be the sky, so that you
can fly freely in my arms...''
Huh...?!
''My soul is just
for you, the shining
sun that brightens
up my whole world.''
How do you...
How do you know
those words...?
''In my dream, your
eyes held the reflection
of the ocean's clear waters... Someday I'll show them to you.''
''Your lovely face,
your enticing smile...
They're forever be in my
heart, so I'll never be lonely.''
How do you
know that song?
El Schatt...
It's me, Kanainne.
You wrote this song
just for me. But I died
before you could finish it.
That was your dream,
wasn't it? To play your
beautiful music to make
people happy? Did you ever
finish our song for me?
Hahahah, Manainne, alright.
Your sister must have told
you about that song. Ha ha...
You're t-taking it too far...
Please, just... Just stop.
Listen to me.
Look at me. It's
really your Kanainne.
Kanainne...?
It's too much to
believe. I want to
believe it so badly...
Is it really you?
^3355FFManainne is sobbing
uncontrollably, and there's
nothing you can do to comfort
her. Nothing at all. You must
leave her alone to her despair
and unfathomable sense of loss.^000000
You know, even though
it's not a wealthy area,
I really love this small
and quiet town. Even if
I could live anywhere in
the world, I'd live right here~
I miss them...
Those names... Yes,
I remember now. Manainee
was... my younger sister.
El Schatt was... my lover.
M-my name was... Kanainne!
Now I know why I'm here
in this realm. El Schatt...
I've been watching him.
He isn't able to let me go...
But I can't directly intervene
with the affairs of the living.
I... I can borrow my
sister's body? Yes, if she
cooperates, maybe... Maybe
it will work. I must... must do
something before he does
he hurts himself even more...
You... You can help
me... Just go back to 
the living... to Hugel...
Let me send you there...
You...! You can help
The living shouldn't
be here in Niflheim...
Go back! Go back to your
own world before it's too late!
I'm pleased that my son has
finally set his mind on the
family business. I didn't know
he had it in him to become
such a proactive entrepreneur.
It's funny... He used to
deperately fight me when it
came to building shops where
that tree has planted. Yes, I'm
proud that he's grown as a
business person. Heh heh~
Although I'm pleased,
I get this gut feeling that
something's not right, like
he's too excited about cutting
that tree down. Maybe this old
man is just too suspcious~
It's funny how things
change. You know, El Schatt
actually used to protest against my idea of building shops in the
area when that tree grows. Hmm... I wonder, what happened to him?
Money is very dependable...
But it's value is relative, and
can change at any moment.
Still, at my age, you can't
live without it. Make sure you
financially prepare of old age.
Now, most people assume that
I have very few friends because
I trust money more than people.
That's somewhat true: money
will never betray you, and few
friends can be so dependable.
However, friends that can
be trusted for life are worth
more than all the money in the
world. To a rich man like me,
those are the only friends
that are worth having.
What? What's that look for?
Oh, you must have spoken to
Manainne. Look, memories are
nice and all, but I don't dwell
on the past. I think about the
future. That's what's best.
Hey, I've got some great
memories of this place too,
but you know what? I've decided
to let go of them before they
get too painful. That's life.
Besides, it's not all bad.
My father's been wanting to
build a shop here for so long,
and now, I think it's about time. And this business will help the
entire community. We should've
done this a long time ago...
C'mon... Take a look
around. I won't deny that
this is a quaint and lovely
town, but how much money do
you think these people enjoy?
I need to look to the future...
This is the perfect
location for shops.
Yeah, I'll build a whole
plaza, and rent it out to the
merchants. Build up some
commerce, attract businesses...
Everyone should just
forget about that tree.
When you think about it,
it's just a waste of space...
You've spoken with my father?
Hmpf! Don't tell me you're here
to change my mind. I'm building
those shops, and that's final.
It's useless to try to convince
me otherwise. Understand?
It's true that I used
to think differently...
I'd protect that old tree
with my life, I won't deny
it. But that's an old story that should be buried in the past...
The past is behind me
as it should be. Now
I must focus on building
my family's businesses.
Father was right all along...
What did you say...?
You met Kanainne?
Listen, that's not funny.
I won't tolerate that kind
of sick joke, so get out
of here before I get angry.
No way...!
Kanainne is dead!
There's no way
I can believe this!
K-Kanainne! ^333333*Sob*^000000
I've missed you so much!
Why did you leave me?
Oh, my dear,
sweet El Schatt...
I'm so sorry. But
that was my fate...
It was my time to go...
You have to let me go...
I can't take it anymore!
It hurts too much without you!
I can't stop thinking about us,
and all the memories... all of
the memories hurt so much...
Is that why you want to
cut down that tree? Because
it reminds you too much of
all of our days together?
Y-yes! Seeing it makes
me so angry and so sad!
I wanted to get rid of it!
If I don't forget you, then
what will I do? I c-can't
forget about you, c-can I?
Will destroying that tree
make you happy? Do you think
you'll be happy if you forget
all about me? I know you're
not like that, El Schatt.
You're not that cold...
No... I don't want
to forget you. All of
our good times. But I miss
you so much... I think I'm
going to go insane! I don't
know if I can endure this pain!
Please be strong for me,
El Schatt. Someday, time
will heal your wounds, and
your memories of me will only
bring you fondness, not pain.
I miss you El Schatt, and I...
K-Kanaine?
What's happening?
El Schatt, I'm so sorry...
But I have to go now. I can't
stay in the world of the living
for too long, and my time limit
is almost up. I still... I...
N-no! Please, stay with
me! I'm not ready to lose
you again! D-don't leave
me again! Nooo! Kanainne!
I need you here with me!
I can't do that...
But please, El Schatt...
Promise that you'll be
yourself from now on...
Be kind... And follow
your true dreams...
Don't cut down
that tree... And make...
make beautiful music.
Please finish the song
that you made for me for...
for both of our sakes...
Anything for you,
Kanainne. I vow it...
I still... I still...
Y-yes...
^3355FF*Thud!*^000000
Kanainne!
...I...
...El Schatt...
She's gone again.
It's... I'm Manainne...
^333333*Sniff*^000000 She had to go back...
Oh... Oh dear
sweet God... My...
My dear Kanainne...
No.... No... Please...
...Would you please
leave me alone? I have...
I have an awful lot to
think about. And there's
music that I have to write...
Father was right...
This area is the perfect
place to build some stores.
All that's left is to chop down
that old tree. It's in the way
of a whole lot of things...
D-Daddy...!
Daddy where
are you?! Wah~!
SELECT:What's wrong?:Ignore
My Daddy hasn't
been home for a few
day now. I'm afraid that
something must have
happened to him. *Sniff*
Your Dad is missing?
Why don't you tell me
about the last time
that you saw him?
Well, we were playing
Hide-and-Seek, and then
it was his turn to hide,
and then, a-and then...
I never found him!
SELECT:Really? Tell me more...:What, is that all...?
Th-then my Mom got
mad at Dad for hiding
for so long. But when
she went to find him, she
disappeared too! I-I'm all
alone now! Waaaaaah~!
Don't worry, I'll look
for your parents. I'm
sure that I can find at
least one of them just
outside of town.
Don't worry, your
Dad will probably
show up sooner
or later. Well, lots
of luck, kid.
Mommiiiiiiiiie!
Where are yoooou?!
Wuh-Waaaaaaaaaah!
Oh...
Mommy was just
outside of town?
*Sob* Okay, I hope my
Daddy comes back soon...
Y-you found my Daddy!
Hooray! I was so worried
about him! Th-thank you
so much for your help!
Um, um, where is my
Daddy hiding anyway?
Oh? A barrel? Where
was it again? Heh heh!
Now I can find him!
Oh, would you go talk
to my Mom, and tell her
to come here please? And
also tell her that Daddy
is safe! See you later~
^333333...............................
Hee hee~ Once I find
my Daddy, he has to get me
a girlfriend! He promised~!^000000
Would you please hurry
and talk to my Mom? She
should be just outside of?
this town, where you last
saw her. Bye bye for now~
Oh yeah! Should I have
Mom help me pick out my
new girlfriend? Hmm, I dunno.
Wh-what if they become friends?
Um, that might not be good...^000000
Daddy promised to get
me a girlfriend if I beat him
at Hide-and-Seek! Hahaha!
I won, so now he has to do it!
Wait, but should I let
my Dad pick my girlfriend?
Maybe I should pick her...
Yeah, I'll pick the perfectest
girl that I can find! Yaaay~
Maybe I should wait until
I'm older to have a girlfriend.
I mean, what if the girl I pick
now gets uglier when she
grows up? Or what if she gets really fat? I better be careful...
^3355FFTorpy is still a young,
naive child that has much
to learn about girlfriends,
or just people, in general.^000000
^333333*Sniff*^000000 D-Daddy's gone!
Will you help me find my
Daddy please? I h-have
to find him now! H-Hurry!
Waaah~!
I have to find
my Daddy! Daddy...!
Where are yooooou?!
Where did he go this time?!
If my husband doesn't have
a good excuse for not coming
home, then he better come
up with one or he'll be sorry!
Hmm? Oh, you talked to
my little Torpy? He thinks his
father and I just vanished?
Oh, I'm so sorry, I think there's been some misunderstanding!
Although Torpy's father has
been missing for a little
while, I just stepped out of
the house this morning. So
I haven't even been gone for
a few hours, much less a day.
You see, my husband is
a hunter, so it's usual for him
not to come home for a few
days. Still, he's never been
gone for this long before,
so I've been looking for him...
I've been getting a little
worried myself, honestly.
He's not in any of his usual
hunting grounds. Hopefully,
if I wait here long enough,
he'll show up sooner or later.
If he doesn't show up
today, I better search
for him inside town. Maybe
he's hiding somewhere,
like at his friend's house.
Why is like always like this?
Listen, would you please
tell my son Torpy that I'm
fine and will be coming back
home soon? Also, if you see
my husband inside town, tell
him that he better come home!
What?! He was hiding
inside a barrel this
entire time?! Oh, no.
I'm sorry, my husband has
caused you so much trouble.
I really appreciate
everything you've done
to help us find him. I know
it's not much, but I hope
you accept this as our thanks.
Goodbye for now, adventurer~
Sometimes I wonder if
Torpy is too mature for
his age, or if my husband
is too immature. In a strange
way, those two really take
after each other. Oh, well...
When is that husband
of mine going to come
out of that barrel? He
didn't make another weird
bet with Torpy, did he? Oh,
the trouble with those two...
So... hun...gry...
F-food... Give me...
F-food... Must... replenish...
h-health... with... Steamed...
Crab... Nippers... Please...
^3355FFIt sounds like
this barrel wants
Steamed Crab Nippers.^000000
SELECT:I'll bring you Steamed Crab Nippers:Ignore
Please... cook me...
Steamed... Crab Nippers...!
You... n-need.... 10 Green
Herbs... 1 Yellow Potions...
and 10... N-Nippers... to
c-cook th-them. Ugh...
Hold on,
I have to cook
them for you?!
It's... It's the
o-only... possible...
Way... P-please help...
D-don't... leave...
me... Here... Th-the...
hunger...! It... It can't...
It c-can't be... d-denied!
Weirdo! Why don't you
get out of that barrel,
and get your Steamed
Crab Nippers yourself?!
Th-that... tantalizing...
scent... It's S-Steamed...
Crab... Nippers... Oh God...
It's b-been so... l-long...
G-Give me! G-Give me now!
^3355FFYou dumped the
Steamed Crab Nippers
into the barrel where
it was quickly devoured.^000000
Ha ha ha!
Back in the game, baby!
Man, it's been, about what,
3 days since I last ate?
It's good to be alive!
^3355FFFor now, you should
tell Torpy and his mom
where Torpy's father is
hiding so they won't
worry about him so much.
^800080Torpy's mom might want to know about^000000
^800080this extraordinary barrel.^000000
^800080How long does Torpy's father plan to stay within the barrel?^000000
^800080That barrel will become a symbolic object^000000
^800080that pays tribute to the firm will of Torpy's father^000000
^800080who is trying hard to avoid keeping the promise with his son to find his wife.^000000
^800080You hear something bustling from the hole in the barrel.^000000
^800080However, it doesn't seem to be a big deal.^000000
Ahhhh... Thanks for
the free meal! It was
so invigorating! Well,
I better climb back
inside that barrel. See
ya round, adventurer~
Hold it!
Why are you hiding
inside that barrel?!
Huh? Oh, I'm just
playing Hide-and-Seek
with my son, that's all.
But you haven't
eaten in days! Wait,
hold on, you wouldn't
happen to be Torpy's
father now, would you?
Oh, you ran into my boy?
Has he given up on our
little wager yet? Because
I'd really hate to lose...
Um, your wife and son
are really worried about
you. Shouldn't you be going
home as soon as you can?
No, I can't! Not until
Torpy gives up! I made
a really silly promise
with my son, and if I lose
this game of Hide-and-Seek...
Well, I just can't lose! Bye!
^3355FFTorpy's father has
hidden himself again,
but at least now you
can go back to Torpy's
Mom and Torpy, and let them
both know where he is hiding.^000000
Hahahaha!
Steamed Crab Nippers!
That really hit the spot!
I ate so much, I won't
have to eat again for days!
Hi there, thanks for
visiting our lovely town!
Why don't you come in and
have a taste of authentic
Hugel cuisine? I guarantee
that you won't regret it~
My name is Cellette Lavit,
and I proudly serve Fish Cake
Soup, Hugel's specialty dish.
All the tourists that've tried
it have loved it, and I have
many regular customers~
This dish has something
of a cult following, and it's
not widely popularized, but I'm
sure that it'll be considered
representative of Schwarzwald
Republic cuisine someday.
Listen, you look like an
able adventurer, so would
you consider working part time
for me? I have many orders for
Fish Cake Soup, so there's
no way I can make deliveries...
If you work for me, I'll
waive the price: I'll give you
1 Fish Cake Soup for each
delivery that you complete.
But if you're not interested,
you can just buy some now~
SELECT:Sure, I'll work for you!:I want to buy Fish Cake Soup.:See ya.
Oh, thank you so much!
You can't imagine how busy
I've been, and how much I need the help! Now, let's get started~
Alright, please take this
order of Fish Cake Soup to
my friend Neha. I'm grateful
that she's a regular customer--
she's a good friend, but I'm sure that she loves the soup as well.
Right, take this next order
of Fish Cake Soup to Maewan,
another one of my regulars.
He's been buying my soup ever
since I helped him start his business. Nice of him, isn't it?
Okay, this order of Fish
Cake Soup is ready! Please
take it to my roommate Layoma.
But... Be careful. She's got
a thing about punctuality.
Just try not to be late...
Quick, take this Fish
Paste Soup to Erjan. Um,
but be careful, he's really
nitpicky... And he likes to
have everything in such
and such and order...
Oh, you'd like to try my
Fish Cake Soup, eh? Good
choice, I know you'll enjoy
its delicious, hearty flavor~
Each order costs 100 zeny.
SELECT:Order a Fish Cake Soup:Cancel
Thanks! Enjoy your
bowl of Fish Cake Soup.
I hope you come and 
visit me again, okay?
Oh, what's this?
You don't have enough
money? Well, come back
after you save 100 zeny.
That's a really good price
for my gourmet soup, you know.
If you're ever hungry,
or just want to enjoy
a delicious meal, come
and have some of my soup~
Oh? You're not interested
in trying my Fish Cake Soup
at all? Well, if you change
your mind, please come
back. I just know you'll love
the taste if you give it a try.
Haven't you left already?
My friend Neha is waiting
for you to deliver her order
of Fish Cake Soup. Please
try to get it to her before the
soup gets cold, okay?
What's that? You lost
the Fish Cake Soup you're
supposed to deliver to Neha?
Oh well, I suppose I'll have
to give you this fresh bowl
of soup that I just made...
But you need to be
responsible and pay
me for the food you lost.
There, I took 100 zeny
from you. That's fair, so
please don't lose it this time.
W-wait... You don't
have any money to pay
me for the soup you lost?
Well, I don't think I can
trust somebody like you
with any deliveries...
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
You should have left
already to deliver that
soup to Maewan! Hurry,
before it gets too cold!
supposed to give to Maewan?
I thought you left to
deliver that soup to
Layoma. You should hurry
and bring it to her, before
it doesn't taste good after
it gets cold, you know.
supposed to give to Layoma?
Oh, dear, you better
leave now and deliver
that Fish Cake Soup to
Erjan before he can think
of something to complain about. Although it's probably too late...
supposed to deliver to Erjan?
Ah, I'm sorry, but
I can't do any business
with somebody that's proven
to be irresponsible. Nothing
personal, it's just my policy.
Good work! I hear that
you successfully delivered
the soup. I knew I could trust
you! Ah, before I forget, here
is your Fish Cake Soup. Thank
you so much for your help~
It was really nice working
with you, and I hope you come
by and help me again sometime.
Oh, and please tell all your
friends about my delicious
Fish Cake Soup. See you later~
Come and taste some
authentic Hugel cuisine!
Enjoy a big steaming bowl
of delicious Fish Cake Soup~
Oh, you have a delivery
from Cellette, hm? Hmpf!
You're late! Don't you know
this soup isn't good if it
isn't steaming hot?
But... You're a handsome
fellow, so I'll forgive you...
On one condition. Bring me
^FF00001 Whip^000000 with which to spank 
you. You better hurry, boy, or
I won't let you off that easy.
Yes, yes... You should
be punished. You should be
spanked. If you want to finish
your delivery, then bring me
^FF00001 Whip^000000 so that I can spank you
for your impertinence, girl!
Oh ho ho ho ho ho~
I just love cute little boys...
But for some reason, it
thrills me to torture them
a little bit as well. Hoho~
Finally... My soup!
And you brought me my Whip!
Don't worry, I'll only give you
just one hard spanking. It'll
be over before you know it~
Ha!
^3355FF*Slap*^000000
Heeyah!!
^3355FF*SLAP*^000000
Ooh, did I accidentally
whip you twice? Heh heh...
Well, I'm satisfied. I'll go
ahead and tell Celette that
you did a good job... I hope
you come deliver my soup again~
^FF00001 Fish Cake Soup^000000...
^FF00001 Whip^000000... Is that too
much for a girl to ask?
I'm hungry, and I want to
hit somebody! What's wrong
with that, huh? Now hurry up!
Oh, finally, I've been
waiting for my order of
Fish Cake Soup from Cellette!
Aaaah, it smells oh so delicious~
Argh, but you're late!
This is your fault, you
know that, right? Well,
it's not a big deal, but
I can forgive you if you
help me with my collection.
Just bring me
1 Bookclip in Memory,
alright? Oh, and don't
eat my soup before
you deliver it to me!
I like to think of
myself as a man of
eclectic taste. I love
collecting strange and
unique items, and learning
all sorts of new things~
Great, you really brought
me a Bookclip in Memory!
Yes, this'll make a fine
addition to my collection~
Oh, and give me my soup.
Thanks again for delivering~
I know it sounds unfair
of me to ask you to bring
^FF00001 Bookclip in Memory^000000 with
my ^FF0000Fish Cake Soup^000000, but well...
I'd feel left out if
I didn't do it. I know
all of Cellette's other
customers are asking the
people delivering their soup
for all sorts of crazy things.
You're here to deliver
my Fish Cake Soup?
How could you be so late?!
Don't you know that your
incompetence also reflects
on Cellette and her shop?!
I can't let you continue
delivering for Cellette
unless you prove that you're
dependable to me. Erm, bring
me ^FF00001 Mushroom Spore^000000, and
I'll forget this whole thing.
I love singing songs,
and I love eating mushrooms.
For a person living in Hugel,
that's a pretty exciting life!
Great! You brought me
1 Mushroom Spore! This
will taste perfect with my
bowl of Fish Cake Soup~
Alright, maybe I can
count on you to work
for my roommate Cellette
a little while longer. Oh, and
please tell her to not to come home so late all the time, okay?
Hey! I thought you
wanted to prove that
you're a reliable and
trustworthy person! Go
and bring me 1 Mushroom
Spore with my Fish Cake Soup!
Well, I thought you'd
never come to deliver
my Fish Cake Soup. You're
awfully late, you know that?
Still, the smell is just so appetizing, I can barely resist...
Hm, but as the first son
of the Franchefeschu family,
I cannot eat this soup unless
it is suitably prepared. Go!
I command you to bring me
the commoner's ^FF0000China^000000!
Realize that I'm compromising
with you by asking you to bring
me regular China... I always
enjoy my meals on the finest
glass and tableware available.
That's how we noblemen live~
I am Erjan, first son of
the noble Franchefeschu
family. Commoner, if you
do not have any business
with me, then leave me be,
and do whatever it is you do.
Ah, so you've delivered
my Fish Cake Soup with some
proper China. Yes, this pleases
me. Now, I may enjoy this meal
in a manner befitting the
Franchefeschu family.
Although this China is
below my standards, I also
understand that this is the
best you can do. Yes, to accept
this is my... noblesse oblige.
You are dismissed.
Please take your leave,
and return to Cellette
with my noble thanks.
Must I repeat myself?
Bring me my ^FF0000Fish Cake Soup^000000
with ^FF00001 China^000000 so that I may
properly enjoy my meal.
^333333*Cough Cough*
*Haaaaaaack*
*C-cough* *Sob*^000000
SELECT:Ignore:Speak to Euslan
^333333*Sniff*
*Huff Huff*
*Cough Cough*^000000
^3355FFEusan is seized
with emotion: it's
been so long since
someone has tried
to speak to her.^000000
^333333*Sniff* *Cough
*Cough Cough*
*Sob* *Sniff*^000000
Hello, wh-what
^333333*Cough cough*^000000 did
you want? ^333333*Sniff*^000000
SELECT:Nothing!:Are you alright?
Oh, I'm s-sorry...
^333333*Cough Cough*^000000 I must
have been mistaken...
Th-thank you so much
for your concern. My
^333333*Cough*^000000 name is Euslan,
and it's nice to meet you.
I've just been waiting here
for my fiancee to return, but
I'm starting to worry since
I haven't heard from him in
days. I really want to go out
and find him on my own. ^333333*Cough*^000000
I really want to see my
Thierry. If only I wasn't
so sick, then I wouldn't have
these problems. ^333333*Sob*^000000 Where
is he? ^333333*Sniff*^000000 Where's my
Thierry? I want to see him...
SELECT:Leave her alone:Offer to find Thierry
Thierry... ^333333*Sob*^000000
When are you
coming home?
I'm so worried...
^333333*Cough Cough*^000000
...Are you really willing to
go out and look for Thierry
for me? Oh, thank you so
much! You don't know how
much your kind offer means
to me. Now, let's see...
^333333*Cough*^000000 Right, Thierry
went on a trip, traveling
on one of the Airships, to
find some medicine that the
doctors say I need for my
illness. ^333333*Cough Cough*^000000
I know it's like searching
for a needle in a haystack,
but the only way I can think
of finding Thierry is to ask
the Airship Crewmen if they
might know where my fiancee is.
^333333*Cough*^000000 Oh, right...
My fiancee was planning on
searching the Schwarzwald
Republic, so maybe the crewmen
on the Schwarzwald Republic domestic flights might know him.
If you manage to find
where Thierry might have
gone, then please let me
know as soon as you can,
okay? Thanks for cheering
me up, "+strcharinfo(0)+".
^333333Euslan is still patiently
waiting for Thierry's return.
You should keep your promise
to her by asking the crewmen on
the Schwaltvalt Republic domestic flights about Euslan's fiancee.^000000
Oh, you're back!
^333333*Cough*^000000 Maybe it's too
much to hope for, but did
you learn anything about
where my fiancee might be?
SELECT:Well, I met Kaci on the Airship.
Oh, Kaci works on the
Airship? It's been so long
since I've seen her. I guess
we've lost touch ever since
I've gotten sick... Still, I'm
glad to have heard from her.
Oh, how fortunate! So Kaci
knows where Thierry might be?
^333333*Cough*^000000 Ah, he went to Hugel.
I have a brother that lives
there, though it's been a while
since I've heard from him...
Um, if you don't mind, would
you please do another favor
for me? If you travel to Hugel,
would you find Thierry and tell
that I'm alright? He must be
so worried about he by now...
^333333*Cough Cough*^000000 It might
be a good idea to ask my
brother Eukran, who's working
as a Bingo game coordinator
in Hugel, since he might know
where Thierry is. ^333333*Cough*^000000
I know that it's a lot
to ask, so please don't
trouble yourself if it's out
of your way. Still, I'd really
appreciate your help if you
happen to pass through Hugel.
If you get the chance,
please visit my brother
Eukran in Hugel, and ask
him where my Thierry might be.
Thank you again for your kindness.
^3355FFEuslan is waiting for
you to bring her news from
her fiancee Thierry. You better
go back to Hugel to find him.
Oh, you've returned!
^333333*Cough*^000000 Were you able to
speak to my brother and
find my fiancee Thierry?
^333333You tell Euslan that you
were able to find Thierry,
and that he has managed to
procure some medicine for
her. You give Euslan the
medicine as Thierry requested.^000000
*Sniff* I don't deserve
such a wonderful man. Why
did that silly fool go through
so much trouble for a useless
woman like me. *Cough* I still don't understand it... I don't...
Thank you so much for
your help, adventurer, and
for bringing me this medicine.
I'll be waiting for Thierry to
come back home, and do my
best to get better. ^333333*Cough*^000000
"+strcharinfo(0)+"...
I'll never forget what
you've done for Thierry and
me. I'll always be praying for
your safety in your adventures.
Take care of yourself...
^3355FFEuslan is still waiting
for her fiancee to return
home, but she appears
much more relieved and
relaxed than she used to be.^000000
Welcome to the
Bingo Game Arcade.
Would you like to
play a game?
SELECT:I want to meet the game coordinator.
I'm sorry, but if he's on
duty, we can't really let you
meet him unless you come
here to play a game. Our
game coordinators tend
to be pretty busy...
Oh, weren't you just
in the bingo room?
I hope you enjoyed
the game. Now, can
I help you with anything?
SELECT:Talk about Euslan
^3355FFYou tell Eukran about his
sister's illness, and that
she has sent you to search
for her fiancee Thierry.^000000
*Sob* I had no idea
that my sister Euslan
was so sick! No wonder
Thierry looked so depressed
the last time I saw him. Why
didn't he tell me anything?
You see, Thierry passed by
here about a month ago, and
told me that he had to visit
the Odin Shrine. I wasn't
sure then, but now I think
he's trying to help my sister.
There must be something
there that can help my
sister recover. Why else
would Thierry go to such a
dangerous place? No one goes to the Odin Shrine for no reason.
^3355FFYou can hear two
people talking to
each other a short
distance away.^000000
You sure your research
is progressing? I haven't
seen anything that even
resembles real results!
I'm telling you, this isn't
like the last project. There's
no other way around it, it's
going to take some time.
You just have to be patient...
Fine. That's fine by me.
But what about your fiancee?
I know she's near death's door:
can you really afford to wait
this long? Think about it.
Just finish this as
soon as you can. For
your fiancee's sake.
And your own sake.
Catch my meaning?
...I understand.
^3355FFYou hear the sound of
footsteps steadily becoming
fainter and fainter. One of the
men must be walking away.^000000
Hm? Oh, an adventurer.
There's more and more
of you coming to visit this
Odin Shrine nowadays.
SELECT:Mr. Thierry?
...?!
H-how do you
know my name?
Do I know you
from somewhere?
SELECT:Tell him about Euslan
Oh, Euslan sent you to me?
I'm so sorry that you had to
go through so much trouble.
Still, I'm glad to hear from her. Please let her know that I'm
coming home soon, would you?
SELECT:What are you doing here?
Well, um, I'm sorry.
I can't really go into the
details, but I'm doing this
work to find a cure for
Euslan's disease. It's not
curable by modern medicine...
I can't tell you more
than that. Please just
trust me on this. In the
meantime, would you tell
Euslan that I should be
coming home very soon?
Oh, I thought you
already left Odin Shrine.
You don't have anything 
else to tell me, do you?
SELECT:Warn Thierry about Suspicious Men
What?! It's just what
I thought! They were just
using me this whole time...!
Still, I can't leave this
place just yet... I can't...
I guess it all started when
Euslan contracted that weird
disease. None of the doctors
knew what it was, none of them
could do anything about it.
It was totally devastating...
Finally, I took her to see
Mawong, who told us that he
actually met someone that had
that disease, and that there
was a way for me to cure it.
I had to take my chances...
Mawong told me that the cure
was somewhere near the Odin
Shrine in Hugel. As you already
know, this place is incredibly
dangerous. But I don't care.
I'll do anything for Euslan.
Of course, I only told Euslan
that I'd be looking around the
Schwarzwald Republic... If she
knew I was at the Odin Shrine,
she'd worry too much about me.
Once I got here, I didn't
know what to do, or what I was
even looking for. Then, I ran
into these strange men, and
told them my story out of my
frustration over my situation.
It seemed like a miracle
when they said that they knew
how to cure Euslan. They told
me that they were a research
team working on a project
related to my dilemna.
I didn't even think twice
about it: I immediately
accepted their offer to
join them. I did whatever
research they asked while
I searched for Euslan's cure...
Later, I overheard them
talking, and I learned that
they were really Rekenber
Corporation agents. Their
project had nothing to do
with medicine or my Euslan...
Their true goal is to improve
their guardian technology by
finding the remains of some
giant beneath the Odin Shrine.
Still, working with them gave
me access to so many resources.
I've actually been able to
find a cure for Euslan's
illness through my research
with those men, so I can't
quit now. I still need to make
that medicine for Euslan!
So, behind their backs, I've
been using their guardians to
gather the ingredients needed
for my fiancee's medicine. But
if they're planning to get rid of me, I've just run out of time.
It doesn't matter what
happens to me, but I must
save Euslan. I only need
^FF00005 Runes of the Darkness^000000 to
finish that medicine. Please
help me get them, adventurer...
You're the only one I can
trust to save Euslan. In the
meantime, I'll be hiding from
those men right over here.
If they get me, I'll never be
able to make the medicine!
I understand that gathering
materials here in the Odin
Shrine is difficult, but try to
get me ^3355FF5 Runes of the Darkness^000000
as soon as you can. My Euslan
really needs that medicine...
Oh! You really brought me
the Runes of the Darkness!
I can finally make the medicine
that will save my dear Euslan.
I... I can't thank you enough
for this. I'm so happy...
Please give me a moment:
I want to make this right
away. Let's see, ah, here
are my research notes...
It's finally done. This
medicine will cure Euslan.
If you'd do one last thing
for me, please bring this to
her. I've got to sneak away
later after things calm down.
Please understand that
I want to see her as soon
as I can, but I have to wait
until those Rekenber agents
stop searching for me. And let
Eslan know I'll come home soon.
^3355FFYou received the
medicine that Thierry
has made to give to Euslan.^000000
Please give that
medicine to Euslan as
soon as you can: her life
depends on it. Please let
her know that I'm coming
home as soon as I can.
I'm sorry, Euslan...
Please just wait for
me a little while longer.
I swear I'll come home to you!
^3355FFYou hear the voice of
the suspicious man that
was speaking to Thierry
a little while ago. You
carefully listen to what
he is saying...^000000
Thierry seems to have
caught on to what we're
really up to. I think that's why he's slowing down on his
research. We better get rid
of him before it's too late.
Sure. Just let me
know when you
want him dead.
Then I'll kill him.
No problem.
^3355FFThis isn't good!
Thierry's in danger, so
you better go tell him
about this right now!^000000
Could Burupu be hiding
from me again? He's been
wanting to ditch work more
and more ever since he wanted
to become a Swordman. If only
I could hire someone else...
Unfortunately, he's the
only one I can find that
can actually milk my cow,
Booboo! If you can find
Burupu for me, I'll be sure
to pay you for your effort.
SELECT:Sure.:Sorry, I'm busy.
Thank you, you're a
lifesaver! I need to get the
milk delivered by tomorrow,
so I really need Burupu back!
You should be able to find him
somewhere just outside of town.
N-no...!
If I can't find
Burupu, then there's no
way I'd be able to deliver
the milk orders by tomorrow!
Great, what am I gonna do?
Burupu, I need you
to come to work! Maybe
you can find him practicing
with his sword right outside
of town. I hope you can find
that lazy guy for me...
Burupu is making demands?!
I guess I don't have a choice.
You wouldn't happen to know
how much Rapiers cost, do you?
Why does Burupu want to become
a Swordman so much, huh?
Oh, you're going to
help me milk the cow?
Great, great, thanks so
much! Please milk Booboo
right away, and get me
some delicious milk~
Hmm, how about this?
If you can actually milk
Booboo the cow, then I'll
give you some food. Does
that sound fair? Anyway,
please get to work soon~
Great! Now that you've
milked Booboo, I can go
and make my deliveries
tomorrow! Here's a little
something to eat as my way
of saying, ''Thanks a lot~''
Wait a minute!
Currently you are carrying
too many items with you.
Please come back again
after you store some items into kafra storage.
I always need
someone to help me
milk Booboo, especially
when Burupu doesn't feel
like doing it, so please come
by and help me when you can~
Oh, it's you again!
Did you want to help me
out by milking Booboo the
cow? I can always use a
dependable person like you.
SELECT:Sure, I'll milk Booboo.:What'll pay me this time?:Nah, just dropping by.
Great, great! If you want
to milk Booboo, first tell
Burupu that he doesn't need
to come in today, and then
come back to me. Then, I'll
let you milk Booboo the cow.
Let's see...
Milk Booboo for me this
time, and I'll randomly
choose one of the following
sets of rewards to give you.
1 set of 5 Milk,
1 set of 3 Honey,
1 set of 5 Orange Potions,
1 set of Yellow Potions, or
1 Bundle of Food. Hmmm...
That sounds fair, right?
Ahahahah, it's good
to see you! Now, don't
be a stranger, alright?
Burupu could learn a
couple things from you...
For now, go talk
to Burupu and let him
know that he doesn't need
to come into work today~
Ah, you spoke to
Burupu already? Good,
now would you please
milk Booboo the cow?
Thanks once again~
Please go and milk
Booboo the cow as
soon as you can, okay?
Ah, you've done a good
job of milking Booboo the
cow for me. Let's see, let's
see, what would be good to
give you as payment. Hmm...
You know what?
Why don't you have
some Milk? It's only
fitting, after all. Besides,
it's really good for you!
Thanks again for your help~
Ah, I've got it!
You like Orange Potions,
right? Come on, you looove
Orange Potions! Here, you can
have a bunch as my way of saying thanks for milking Booboo the cow~
Oooh, I could give you
some Yellow Potions, Yes,
that's a good idea. Please
take these Yellow Potions
as a token of my gratitude
for milking old Booboo.
Hey, why don't you
take some fresh Honey?
Yes, it's sweet, delicious,
it's everything you could
ever want! Thanks for
milking Booboo for me~
Here, why don't you
have some of this really
delicious food? I don't
remember what I packed in
here, but I'm sure it tastes
good, and it's good for you~
Aww, nuts...!
I've got so many
Milk deliveries to do
tomorrow, but what can
I do without any Milk?!
Oh no, what am I gonna
do?! I need to deliver the
milk tomorrow, but Burupu
still hasn't arrived yet!
When is he coming
to work? Burupu,
where are you?!
Why hasn't Burupu
arrived yet? If he
doesn't come soon,
how will I get the milk
delivered by tomorrow?
What? Kurupe wants me
to come in to work again?
Man, does it look like I want
to milk Booboo all my life?
Forget that, I'm gonna be
a Swordman! Tally-hoooe!
Yeah, ever since that
Airship landed in our
town, and I saw all those
Swordmen, I knew it'd be
my destiny! Forget ranching, I'm gonna wield a frickin' sword!
Hey, that equipment of
yours looks plenty expensive.
I think I'll need something
like that if I wanna become
a Swordman. Hey, I know
how we can help each other~
I'll help you with milking
Booboo the cow if you can get
me some proper Swordman
equipment. Let's see... Why not
give me 1 Rapier with 2 Slots? That's not too much to ask, right?
SELECT:Alright.:Whoa, that's too much!
I'm glad you agree~
Okay then, try to bring
me a Rapier with 2 Slots
as soon as you can! I can't
wait to start training with it!
You think so...?
Well, it's the only
thing I can think of
that I really want...
Hey, weren't you
supposed to bring me
a Rapier with 2 Slots?
If you want me to milk
Booboo the cow, then keep
your end of our bargain~
Oh, wow...!
That's such a beautiful
Rapier! Look, it's got
2 Slots and everything!
I'm gonna start training
with it right now!
I've changed my mind.
Screw milking that dumb cow!
Still, a Swordman is supposed
to keep his promises, huh?
Okay then, how about this?
I hid my secret instructions
for milking Booboo the cow
under the ground just northeast
of her. Read them carefully, and you should be able to milk her
yourself. You can do it, right?
Anyway, don't forget
to find and read those
instructions. Oh, and
thanks again for the Rapier~
Hmm? You wanna milk
Booboo today? Great,
that means I've got more
time to work on my fencing.
All right, now I can focus
completely on my training!
I'm gonna become the
best Swordman in the
world! But first, I gotta
learn how to use this thing!
Heeeeee-YAH! How's that? That was almost a Magnum Break, right?
Heeeyah!
Yaaaaaaaah!
Wh-whooooooosh!
Crap! Why do I have
to have such a crappy
sword?! I mean, I'm getting
tired of making all my own
whooshing sounds and effects.
Yeeeeeeeyoooop!
^3355FFYou've found a small^000000
^3355FFnotebook on the ground.^000000
^804000This small notebook^000000
^804000contains Burupu's detailed^000000
^804000instructions for milking^000000
^804000Booboo the cow. Although^000000
^804000it is written by hand, it^000000
^804000is very well organized.^000000
Chapter 1: How to Milk Booboo
Chapter 2: How to Treat Booboo
Chapter 3: Before You Begin
SELECT:Chapter 1:Chapter 2:Chapter 3
Booboo is a very emotionally
sensitive cow that expresses
herself through the power of
song. You must listen to her
song, determine how she feels,
and then comb her just right.
Basically, depending on
how Booboo feels, you must
give her the number of brush
strokes that correspond to
her song. I'll explain more
about that in Chapter 2.
Part 1: How to Respond to
Booboo the Cow's Feelings
Part 2: Booboo's Songs
SELECT:Part 1:Part 2
Booboo the Cow usually
expresses five different
feelings through her songs:
these are joy, sadness, anger,
love, and neutral contentment.
^800080She is so happy^000000!
When Booboo the Cow
feels joy, then you go
ahead and brush her
hair 3 times before
you can milk her.
^800080 3 times^000000.
^800080She is as usual^000000.
When she feels so-so, you need to
comb her hair ^800080 5 times^000000.
If Booboo the cow feels
sad, then you need to make
her feel more loved. How
do you do this? Just brush
her hair at least 10 times.
Now, remember that when
Booboo the cow is angry,
you shouldn't touch her
at all. Just say, ''No!'' to
brushing her hair, okay?
If you happen to see
Booboo the cow in love,
then just brush her hair
once. Just look for the
hearts, and you'll know
that she's in love, okay?
Whenever Booboo the
cow is just feeling
neutral contentment,
then just brush her
5 times. That's all~
Booboo the cow will
always sing this song.
Keep these sounds in
mind when she sings them...
^ff0000Brr~ Brrbrr~ Boobooboo~^000000
^0000ffBrrrrrr~ Booboo~ Boorrboo~^000000
^ff0000Booruboorubrr~ Rrrrboo~^000000
^0000ffRrrr~ Booboorrrr~ Boobooru~^000000
^ff0000Boobooboo~ Rururu~ Booruboorub~^000000
^0000ffBoo! B! Boo~^000000
When you try to milk
Booboo, she will sing this
song with a slight difference.
Look for the difference in
Booboo's song, and then
hum the correct word to her.
If you want to milk
Booboo the cow, you
must first get permission
from Kurupe. You will also
need 3 Concentration Potions
to insert into Booboo's comb.
Boop boop boo~
Booboo Boop boo!
^804000It seems that
Booboo the cow
has something that
she wants to tell you.^000000
SELECT:Attempt to Milk Booboo:It's not the right time!
^3355FFTo use this comb to
brush Booboo the cow,
you will need to insert
3 Concentration Potions.
You can only brush Booboo
with this luxurious magic comb.^000000
^3355FFMaybe you should learn more
about Booboo the cow, and
get more information before
you can attempt to milk her.^000000
Booo~Boooo!!
Boobooboo Booo~~~
Booboo Boop~
^3355FFThis giant magic comb was
specially ordered from Geffen's
Magic Academy. It is designed
to operate after inserting
3 Concentration Potions
into its special slots.^000000
^3355FFOnce you place your
into the comb, it begins
to chime, and Booboo the
cow beings to express her^FFFFFF ^3355FF feelings in the center of Hugel.^000000
^3355FFNow it's time for you
to brush Booboo the cow.
Depending on her mood,
you need to brush her a
certain number of times.^000000
^3355FFAwwww...
Booboo the cow looks
so disappointed. She
looks like she wants
to close herself off
from the rest of the world...^000000
^3355FFBooboo the cow
seems fairly content,
and is singing a serenade.^000000
^ff0000Brr~ Brrboo~ Boobooboo~^000000
^0000ffBoo! B! Boo~~~^000000
^0000ffRrrururu~ Booboo~ Boorrboo~^000000
^ff0000Booruboorubrr~ Rurub~^000000
^0000ffRrrr~ Booboorrrr~ Bbrrrr~^000000
^ff0000Bbb~ Rururu~ Booruboorub~^000000
^0000ffBoo! Boo! Boo~^000000
^3355FFHurry, respond to Booboo's song! Look for the word that is slightly
different than Booboo's normal
song in Burupu's notes, and then tell her the correct world without
the tilde character (''~'').^000000
^3355FFSuccess!
is quite happy, and
you were able to milk
her. Now, you should
report to Kurupe.^000000
^3355FFUh oh...
Booboo the cow is starting
to snort violently! She seems
pretty angry with you, so you
better get away for now...^000000
**Recruitment Notice**
We are now hiring recruits
for the Odin Shrine Expedition.
- Shrine Expedition Dept.
Join our magician
community, and make
all your days a festival!
- Hugel Magician Community
Whatever you're
trying to sell me,
I'm not interested!
Now get out of here!
Huh...?
SELECT:Excuse me...:I saw the recruitment notice and...
Oh, so you saw the
recruitment notice for the
Odin Shrine Expedition, eh?
Hmmm... Alright, you look
like you're strong enough.
Yeah, I think you qualify.
Well, I dunno. I think that
kind of expedition would
eat you alive. No offense...
Look, I'll reconsider
whether you qualify after
you get train a little more,
develop your skills, you know,
get stronger. For now, though,
I don't think we can use you.
I'm Alex Helmut, and I'm
in charge of the expedition.
See that guy over there? That's
my younger brother Julian who's
also working on the excavation.
Our main goal in this
excavation is to retrieve
some extremely valuable
item inside the shrine. However, it's too dangerous to go in there
if you're not strong enough.
Anyway, if you'd like to
help us, please take a look
around the shrine and see
if you'd want to work for us.
Please talk to the Boatman
to travel to the shrine, okay?
You really oughtta
check out the shrine
for yourself first. Just talk
to the Boatman so that
he take you over there.
Oh, so you've gone
and seen the shrine
already. So will you help
us in our expedition?
SELECT:Who are the people in the next room?:Well...:Yes, I do.
Oh... Them.
They're officially my
co-workers, but quite
frankly, they were forced
upon me by the Rune-Midgarts
Kingdom. It can't be helped...
Anyway, I have to accept
them to help international
relations or something silly
like that. They say they're here to research religious relics,
but I just don't trust them.
In fact, I think it's
obvious that they're here
for something else, though
I'm not sure what it may be.
And that gray haired lady...
She totally creeps me out!
Yeah, well, I know
it might be a tough
decision to make. Well,
take your time. I understand
that you have to weigh the
risks and everything.
Great! In that case, your
first assignment is to bring
me ^3355FF5 Runes of the Darkness^000000
from the shrine. Don't worry,
I'll make sure that you're
rewarded for your efforts.
This is your chance
to show me that your
dependability and sense
of responsibility. Then,
we can move on to the
more important stuff.
What are you still
doing here? Shouldn't
you be headed to the
shrine already?
SELECT:What was I supposed to gather?:I'm leaving, I'm leaving!
You've forgotten
already? I asked you
to bring me ^3355FF5 Runes
of the Darkness^000000. Okay,
now hurry up and get to it.
That's fine...
Just keep in mind that
we're running behind
schedule. If only that
grey haired crone wasn't
here... We'd be done by now!
Well, it's about
time you came back.
So did you bring me
^3355FF5 Runes of the Darkness^000000?
SELECT:Er, not yet...:There you go!
Wh-what?!
You came here just to
tell me that? Come back
when you're done and
don't waste my time!
Hey, you know what,
Alex? You can't push
people around like that.
Besides, this adventurer
isn't a pushover, you know?
What was that...?
Are you trying to
make me mad, Julian?
All I'm saying is that
most adventurers know that
you can't pay them what they're
worth. That's why so many of
them are going in and out
of the other room, you know.
That... grey... haired...!
N-no... Calm down, Alex...
Lose your head, you lose
everything... D-don't stoop
down to her level.
Alright, I'm not in any
position to make demands
of you... But I would really
appreciate it if you would
bring me 5 Runes of the
Darkness as soon as possible.
Oh! Thank you
so much, I'm sure
these Runes will help
us in our research. I know
this isn't much, but please
accept this Old Blue Box.
Wait...
Research?
Since when did
you do research?
Gosh, Julian,
will you just
shut up for a bit?
Why? I'm the one who
does all the grunt work
and actual research.
You think you're so
big just ''supervising...''
J-Julian!
Right, right, we've
got a visitor. Yeah,
okay, sorry about that.
I'm sorry about all
this. If you don't mind,
we'll continue our research
and hopefully finish our
project soon. Thanks once
again for all of your help.
Hm? Oh, this isn't
enough Runes of the
Darkness. I asked you
to bring me 5 of them...
...Darn it! I think I might
have miscalculated. Maybe
I really do need more of
these. What am I gonna do?
And what is that grey haired
crone thinking? Hmmmm...
O-Oh! I had no idea that
you were there! Y-you
didn't hear anything
s-strange, did you?
Hahahahahahaha!
Excuse me?
The grey haired crone
offered you a part time
job, but won't pay you?
She's really shameless!
We don't have much to pay
volunteers, but we should
at least give them something!
How can she do this?! Oh, er,
let me introduce myself first.
As supervisor of this
operation, I'm ashamed to
say that the excavation is
proceeding behind schedule.
If only that grey haired crone
in the next room weren't here!
I can't work with
her at all! She's
manipulative, greedy,
selfish, and two faced!
There's got to be another
reason why she's here...!
Hm? Did you need
something? I'm sorry,
but I can't help you
right now. I'm pretty
busy, so I just want to
be left alone for a while.
Hm? What are you doing
here? Ashe, Ashe! Get
this person out of here!
Hm? Oh, you must be
here in response to our
recruitment notice, yes?
Let me take a look at you...
Oh, you're all skin and bone!
I can't use someone like you.
I'm Laura Laurence, the
Rune-Midgarts Kingdom rep
My assistant, Ashe
Milton, is right over
there. Say, 'Hello,' Ashe.
As you may already know,
we're here to uncover relics
from the Odin Shrine. However,
the shrine is infested with
powerful creatures that a weak
woman like me can never defeat.
Would you let a poor
fragile woman like me go
in there alone? Someone like
you must go in there for me.
Hence, the recruitment notice.
Now, we can't actually pay
you for your work. In fact,
we have absolutely nothing to
give you. But you'd be doing
a great service your country,
the Rune-Midgarts' Kingdom.
Think about it!
You'd be making a great
contribution, helping us
learn more about the age
when the gods showed
themselves to humans!
SELECT:Nah, forget it.:Yes, I'll do it!
W-Wait! Think about
the importance of learning
about the age of gods! If you
don't help us, then who will?
We need to work together to
build a better future, right?
SELECT:But you can't pay me.:Alright, I'll do it.
You're right.
It's like I said
before. I don't have
anything to pay you.
Curses! If this project had
more funding, we'd have more
than a cheesy recruitment ad,
and some professional staff
like those rich Schwarzwald
Republic boys in the next room!
Fine, it's your choice
whether you want to work
for us. I'm just disappointed
that someone like you won't
help us. I mean, don't you
have any patriotism at all?
Perfect! Now, you first
you need to go to the shrine
and survey the area for your
own benefit. Talk to the Boatman, and he'll take you there, okay?
Hurry up and come back soon!
Excuse me, but
what are you guys
doing over here?
What are we doing...?
This is the shrine expedition
office. You know, we're doing
research on the artifacts found
in the Odin Shrine on behalf
of the Rune-Midgarts Kingdom.
SELECT:About Alex and Julian:Alright, now I understand.
These people in the other
room, Alex and Julian, are
they also working in this same
expedition in the Odin Shrine?
...Oh. You must be working
for those rich Schwaltvalt
Republic kids. I can't work
with that impudent girl, at
all, so we're actually working
in separate offices.
Sorry, let me introduce
myself. I'm Laura Laurence,
the leader of the Odin Shrine
expedition for the Rune-Midgarts Kingdom. Ashe Milton is my
assistant for this excavation.
If you'd rather do
a service for your
country and quit working
for those wealthy snobs, then
come back here and let me know.
Hey, I know you...
You're a volunteer for the
other office's expedition,
right? Your timing couldn't
be more perfect. Why don't
you help us for a while?
Basically, I want you
to spy on that snobby girl,
Alex of the Schwarzwald
Republic office, and report
what she's actually doing to me.
I have to know...
I need to know whether
they discovered ''that thing''
already. They can't have found
it before us. It's impossible!
Anyway, just eavesdrop
on the Schwaltvalt Office
by putting your ear really
close to the door, and listen
to them talk. Will you do that?
Of course, you're
going to do it. Right?
RIGHT?!
SELECT:Yeah, yeah, whatever.:Sure thing.:I s-s-s-suppose...!:Yes, Ma'am!
Good.
Now do it!
Ask the Boatman to take
you to the Odin Shrine so
that you can actually see it
for yourself. If you don't think you can handle the expedition,
then you can just let me know.
Have you been to the
Odin Shrine already?
I know it's scary, but we
need to finish our research
for the good of mankind.
SELECT:Yeah, yeah, whatever.:I see.:You're right, Ma'am.
Well, then.
Did you happen to
find anything while
you were there?
SELECT:Jellopies.:No.
You can freakin' find
Jellopy anywhere! I meant,
did you find anything special
while you were at the shrine!
Well, that's fine.
I did tell you to just
take a look around, so
I didn't expect you to
bring me anything.
Anyway, are you still willing
to help us? I know that I said
that we can't pay you, but to
be fair, I can offer you something from my special collection.
How does that sound?
SELECT:Who are the guys in the other room?:Well...:Yes!
Oh, those are the
Schwarzwald Republic
representatives for this
Odin Shrine expedition.
Personally, I think they're
just a bunch of rich phonies.
And that Alex girl...
She may seem polite,
but she's always giving
these dirty looks, and
greets me with a fake
smile. I hate her!
Ms. Laurence...!
Stop it, please!
It's embarassing to
hear you talk about
a colleague like that.
C-colleague?! No way!
I despise that spoiled brat,
and she doesn't deserve the
position that her rich daddy
probably bought for her! Grrr!
Come back later, I'm too mad!
If you're having second
thoughts, it might not be
the best idea to work for me.
I mean, I believe in following
your gut instincts, you know?
That's what I've been
waiting to hear! Alright,
please fetch me ^3355FF5 Runes of
the Darkness^000000 from the Odin
Shrine. Go now, adventurer~
Hm? You've got a job
to do, don't you? What
are you still doing here?
SELECT:What was I supposed to gather?:Don't worry, I'm leaving.
You're supposed
of the Darkness^000000. Now,
don't forget this time!
Well, try to hurry up
if you can. I'm already
behind schedule because
we have to work with those
snobby rich kids in the
other office. ^333333*Sigh...*^000000
Oh, you've come back.
So where are the Runes
of the Darkness you brought?
SELECT:Er, I don't have them yet...:Right here!
This isn't really one
of those jobs where you
can take your time. Sure, I didn't give you a deadline, but
we can't make progress on our research until you make progress.
Oooh, nice job. It's good
that we have more of these
to study. Though, it seems
that the more we research,
the quicker it seems that
we're not getting anywhere...
Hey...
Ashe. Why aren't we
making any progress?
What exactly have you
been doing? None of those
runes have any writing?
Well, I think there's
supposed to be writing,
but these runes are pretty
old. I've got to polish this
gunk off without damaging
any writing that's there...
By the way, what have the other guys been doing?
What, they don't do anything but wasting their time?
Ah~ I see. They are thinking that this is the perfect excuse
for them to relax and rest.
Well, somehow they are the citizens of this country, you know.
What do you think those
Schwarzwald snobs are doing?
They must think this project
is an excuse for them to relax
and slack off! They can afford to, obviously. Hmpf! Rich people!
They've got things so easy,
while we're barely covering
our research expenses!
In fact, we've had to cut
so many corners, skip
meals and amenities...
I know! How can we
carry on professional
research in a shack?
We're literally living at
poverty standards here...
Are we still researchers?
I know that!
I know that already!
S-stop bringing it up!
This is pathetic.
I can't even afford the
energy to continue this
conversation. You too,
why don't you take a rest?
What is this?!
You're supposed to
bring me 5 of them!
Is this your way of
saying that you don't
want to work for us?
Why don't you say it
to my face, eh?
Ms. Laurence, please,
calm down! We're in no
position to yell at anyone,
especially volunteers! You
of all people should know
that they're doing us a favor!
Okay, Ashe, I get it!
And as for you, I'll give
you another chance. Next
time you see me, bring
5 Runes of the Darkness!
...Only one?
Look at me. I asked
you for five. I know that
one is better than nothing...
But it's pretty darn close. Go
get me 4 more this instant!
One, two...
Huh? Th-that's all?!
When I ask for 5 Runes
of the Darkness, I mean
5, not 2. Now hurry up
and just do what I asked!
One, two, three...
That's it? Don't you
know how to count to 5?
Go and get me more of those
Runes of the Darkness now!
I wonder how much progress
those pampered Schwarzwald
snobs actually made. They've
got the funds, so they could
actually be further ahead
than we are right now...
...Hey, you.
Hey, hey!
Hey hey hey!
...Me?
What are you standing
around here for? Go and
eavesdrop on those snobs
next door! I must know
what they're really up to!
Frankly, I know I'm paying
you nothing to be spy, but
please tell me what you
learned about the Schwarzwald
Republic Research Team.
SELECT:Giantes:Ymir's Heart:Nothing
I'm guessing that you're
already familiar with the
creature known as Giantes
since you're an archaeologist.
Of course! It's an
ancient beast on which
the Guardians were inspired.
N-no way...! Are they here to
finish their guardian research?
What else did you learn?
Well, have you
ever heard of Ymir's...
...Heart?
Ymir's Heart, right?
Ashe, you know about
this? What exactly
is Ymir's Heart?
SELECT:It's candy.:It's a book.:It's a place.:Ymir was a giant...
It's this...
Um, really...
Er, you see...
A lot of people know
about Ymir's Heart...
You know the expression,
''Home is where the heart
is?'' Er, well, Ymir's Heart...
The truth is,
Ymir was this giant...
Ymir's Heart?
That's a clothing
brand, isn't it? Yeah,
it's popular amongst
the trendy crowd in the
Schwarzwald Republic.
Clothing brand?
You mean those snobs
are just spending their
time talking about fashion
in there? Huh. Don't they
have better things to do?
In the meantime, would
you do one more favor for
me? I'd like you to go to
the shrine one last time.
I hear that it's built on
two connected islands...
I want you to check the
inner island, and see
what you can find while
I investigate the Schwarzwald
Research Team. I'm sorry, but
you're the only one I can ask.
Nothing...?
Are you sure that's
all you learned?
I wonder...
What could be going on?
Hopefully I'll be able
to find the answers...
^333333*Sigh...*^000000
Say, are you here
for a job? We're looking
for someone that's passionate
about ancient history. If you
want to make money, then this
this the wrong place for you~
This is supposed to be
a collaborative excavation,
but the team leaders are too
stubborn and refuse to make
any compromises. It's been
incredibly frustrating...
Basically, each of our teams
is conducting its own research
for now. Now, we need your help
to find any relics from the Odin Shrine. We'd appreciate it if you
brought as many as you can!
You sure you want
to work for someone
like my boss? Can't
you tell that she's
evil? Escape from this
place while you still can!
Julian...!
See what I mean?
Wow, you must really
like this kind of work,
huh? I didn't really expect
that you'd go to the shrine...
I'm amazed to see you
working so hard. You must
like pleasing other people,
I guess, but try not to be too
kind. Wouldn't want that...
Geez...
You're a really nice
person, you know that?
Just try not to be taken
for a sucker, okay?
Why are both of our
team leaders so bull
headed? Maybe it has
something to do with
them being old and single.
Don't tell them I said that!
......?
Hello, may I help you?
unauthorized personnel
are prohibited from entering
this area. Have you come to
assist in the expedition?
Oh, you've here in response
to the recruitment notice?
Well then, let me give you
a brief idea about the work.
First off, we can't pay you any
money, so you'd be a volunteer.
Instead, you're allowed to
keep whatever you excavate
in the Odin Shrine, so long
as we don't need it for our
research. This opportunity
might prove worthwhile to you.
Now, we should be working
together with the Schwaltvalt
Republic's Research Team, but
our leaders aren't getting along at all. There's just a huge
clash of personalities...
In any case, if you'd
like to join us in our
efforts to uncover the
secrets of the past, then
please speak to Ms. Laurence.
So you're off to the
Odin Shrine? Good luck,
and be careful, alright?
Oh, you're back
earlier than I thought!
I think someone with
your talent can be
a really big help to us!
Hm? You've decided to
help the Schwarzwald Team?
That's fine, but I'm afraid
Ms. Laurence may be a little
upset by that. Well, it's fine
with me. I don't really care.
How's the work coming
along? I know the team
leaders hate each other,
but they should recognize
that one person's victory
in research is victory for all.
Please keep up
the good work~
Well, it looks like
everything turned out
alright in the end, huh?
Good work getting those runes.
Oh, dear, you don't
look very well. Did
something happen?
I know that Ms. Laurence
can be... vocally aggressive,
but I'm sure that she really
appreciates all of your hard
work. Thank you so much for
all of your efforts~
Why does Ms. Laurence
have to be this way?
I honestly think this
rivalry is awfully petty...
Ehm...
Don't worry
about it~
Please don't ask
me about anything...
Besides, I mean
you no harm~
So it means that everyone fooled me!
== Laura is violently wielding a thick file in the air. ==
Wh-what...?!
Does this mean
that everyone has
had me fooled this
whole time?! This is
complete lunacy!
What are you talking
about, you crazy wench?
You saw the shrine on the
other side! That's no secret!
I'm not talking about that!
I saw your brother digging
everywhere in town in the
middle of the night!
Lies...!
Where the hell did
you get that idea?
What makes you think
there are artifacts buried
around here inside town?
Besides, what makes you
think that my brother would
waste so much time doing
something so ridiculous?
Hahahaha! Yeah,
defend your brother
as much as you like,
you hypocrite! What do
you care about him, I know
you two really hate each other!
I dare you to say
that again! I'll make
sure that you regret it!
I know that you were helping
him in his excavations. There's
no way so much progress can be
done by one man alone! In fact,
I have evidence that proves it!
^3355FFLaura violently
waves a thick file
clasped in her hands.^000000
What...?
Argh, that's--!
That's right.
Now tell me, what the
hell is ''^FF0000Ymir's Heart?^000000''
Julian!
Uh, this isn't my fault!
Sh-she doesn't have any
right to come into our office!
Hah! Aren't we supposed to
be equal partners in the same
expedition? That's what I heard
at the beginning! But you guys
have something different in mind!
It's awfully suspicious: you
guys are only going out at
night, and you're making so
little progress with the Odin
Shrine excavation. Tell me,
what are your true goals?!
I-I don't know what you're
talking about! J-Julian must
have gotten some mission, and
has been carrying it out without my consent! Don't go twisting
the facts, you... you thief!
Thief...?!
Look who's
talking!
^3355FFLaura tossed the file
away, and threateningly
rolled up her sleeves.^000000
S-stop!
Both of you!
Stay out of
this, Ashe!
Yeah, this is none
of your business!
Oh... Oh, dear!
Hah...!
Did you...
Just hit me?
You crazy...!
This...
This doesn't
look good at all!
^3355FFAshe picked up
the file that Laura
tossed away.^000000
Um, I've got a favor
of my own to ask you.
Would you please bring
this file to Morocc? Just
bring it to my comrade
over at the South Gate.
I'm sorry, but we don't
have much time left. I guess
this is the last time we will
ever see each other, so thank
you for all your help, friend.
Don't worry, my comrade
at Morocc's South Gate will
explain everything once you
find him. Please hurry!
find him. Please hurry, and
find him as soon as you can!
I...
I don't know
what I should do!
I've stopped caring
whether they fight or
not... I'm so not get
involved. If you want,
you can try to stop them...
...Silence.
Don't turn, don't
flinch, don't even
breathe. You're being
followed. Hold on a sec
while I take care of him.
Good. You've done some
good work. Just drop the file
to the ground. And for your
own good, don't turn around.
^3355FFYou drop the file
to the ground, and it
immediately vanishes in
a small whirlwind of sand.^000000
I know that you've
gotten involved in all
this unexpectedly. Before
I leave, have you got any
questions? Otherwise, I'll go.
SELECT:Who's Ashe?:What happened to Laura?
You'll never see her
again. She's already
been assigned to a new
mission. If it makes you
feel better, she's one of the
members of ''Secret Wing.''
She'll be fine. If you're that
interested in archaeology,
you'll be happy to know that
she'll run the excavation the
way she wants to. Rekenber and Arunafeltz should leave her alone.
You're probably curious
about Ashe, and perhaps
myself as well. Now, have you
ever heard of ''Secret Wing?''
Secret Wing is a secret
organization that's scattered
now, but some of the members
are still active. Just consider us enemies of Rekenber Corporation
in the Schwarzwald Republic.
Everything you saw and
heard is all true. The ghost
of Giantes still remains within
the Odin Shrine. Rekenber wants
it for their ends, as well as
Arunafeltz. It's complicated...
The people of Rune-Midgarts
and Schwarzwald Republic still
don't know what's going on.
A lot of people are just being
used... Like that one lady,
that archaeologist, Laura.
...Thanks for
the file. Take care.
Always watch your back.
Ah, hello~
Would you like to sail
to the Odin Shrine? The
fare for 1 passenger is
800 zeny. Shall we board?
SELECT:No, thanks.:Sure!
Ah, alright.
If you change your
mind, I invite you
to return and just
let me know.
Hm? You don't have enough
money to pay the fare. Well,
just come back when you do
have the zeny, and then I'll
take you to the Odin Shrine.
Alright then,
climb aboard!
We'll arrive near
the Odin Shrine soon~
Ah, would you
like to sail back to
Hugel now, or did you
want to explore a bit more?
SELECT:I still need to look around...:Yes, take me back to Hugel.
Well, alright.
Just let me know
when you're ready to
leave this dangerous place.
Hugel very soon~
^3355FFThis place is empty.
Everyone must
have already left.^000000
^3355FFA weathered structure
of the Odin Shrine is
half buried beneath the
ground, but it still looks
fairly stable and durable.^000000
SELECT:Pass:Explore
^3355FFYou decided to pass
by the shrine's remnants.^000000
^3355FFYou catch a bright
shimmer among the
remnants of the shrine.^000000
SELECT:Ignore:Pick it up
^3355FFYou decide to continue
searching through the
shrine's ruins.^000000
^3355FFYou find a shining stone
within the ruins, and carefully
put it into your bag.^000000
^FF0000Thud!^000000
What was
that noise?!
Wa...waaaahhhh!
^3355FFUnfortunately, you
were unable to find
anything in the ruins.^000000
^3355FFWhen you come back
to your senses, you
find that nothing is
left in this place.^000000
Waaaaahhhh!
Haven't you found it yet?
You said that it'd be here!
You told me so many people
are drawn to his place since
Ymir's Heart might really
be buried in this area!
I'm pretty sure it's
around here somewhere,
but I need more time to dig!
I understand why you wanted
to follow me here, but there's
no way to confirm its existence
in this area without digging
it up. Plus, I'm still worried
about the ''Shinokas'' issue...
...Shinokas?
We couldn't find
Ymir's Heart inside
the village, either...
Why don't you just--
Yeah, you think you can do
everything yourself since
you're so much better than
me, huh?! I'm the black sheep
of the family, and father loves
you more than me, right?!
You already know that.
Wha--?!
Why... I...!
Geez, you're impatient.
Listen, your ambitions
can ruin everything. You're
not planning on defying me,
are you? Because if you are...
You can never understand
why I want to find Ymir's
Heart! I'm not going to give
up looking for it, so just
leave me alone!
I know you better than
yourself, and I can do
everything better than you
can. Forget Ymir's Heart for
now. Giantes is our highest,
most important priority!
You always...!
Wait... You hear that?
We'll continue this
conversation later.
^3355FFThe door is locked.^000000
