# === dungeons_200 (415 strings) ===
Uh... who are you?
Sorry, I'm not good at remembering people's faces! But I think you are not good enough to ask about my work here.
 - This is a quest that can be performed at level 200 or higher - 
I just had a business, and it went well.
You know that Secret Wing and our rebellion have been tracking the traces of Illusion's illegal experiments, right?
In the meantime, I found a way to the 4th floor of Rudus.
What, how many times did you forget?
It was the place where Illusion abandoned the failed works that were created after the experiment.
Remember Morning? Where the little boy stays.
He is on the first floor, and Rudus itself exists on the second and third floors.
By the way, the 4th floor of Rudus is quite amazing...
Somehow, among the test subjects abandoned in Rudus, only particularly strong ones seem to be gathered.
Researchers of the Secret Wing say that after fierce competition among the subjects, the strongest subjects seem to have settled there.
Well, actually, I'm not sure how complicated it is!
It seems that the Secret Wing researchers need to study the entities there.
So I was looking for someone to help me.
Do you need a job? I know everything~
If you have an idea, go to the 3rd floor of Rudus.
<NAVI>[Pion]<INFO>sp_rudus3,380,42,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI> is in control of the path leading down to the fourth floor.
Go and tell him I sent you, and find out if it's worth it to come!
Oh, you went down to the 4th floor of Rudus. How was it?
Is Pian doing well? Did the subjects feel a bit worthy of a fight?
Then help me study the people from the Secret Wing.
I was looking for someone to hunt them, because I was not enough to catch and research monsters myself.
Oh, I almost forgot.
If you attach this chip somewhere on your body and hunt them, researchers can receive data.
New material, eco-friendly, non-toxic, safe material, so you don't have to worry about it.
Where would you like to hang it?
Okay, I'll attach it well so it doesn't bother you.
Okay, that's it then...
Please take good care of me today!
So, what kind of research would you like to help with today?
Abyssal Solitude
Secret Wing researchers are resting.
The 4th floor of Rudus is not a comfortable place to go in and out easily.
Let's get some rest and work fully prepared!
A place where only strong individuals survive and bite weaker ones...
Like a deep, dark pit of solitude.
Well, I don't know about that!
My job is to deliver the requests of researchers.
Researchers want to know how the subjects of Rudus differ from those distributed on the 4th floor.
How much more has it lost it's original form, and whether it has changed itself after the experiment.
<FONT SIZE = 9>Um... these researchers look a little dangerous too? I think that's how all researchers are, to a person like me.</FONT>
Anyway, you want to collect <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Dolorian, Plagarion, and Deadre</FONT> data.
What if we hunt 10 individuals each?
We're already comrades on the same boat~?
Isn't that right, comrade? Think again!
Okay, if you go hunting and from hunting, data will be gathered.
And my allowance will be accumulating!
Secret Wing researchers want to collect <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Dolorian, Plagarion, and Deadre</FONT> data.
Today's hunting seems to be successful!
I see it every time, but every time it's amazing, how the chip works.
Well, I should pay you for the work you did today.
Here you are!
Then since you've finished your work, take a good rest. Please take care of me tomorrow as well~
Secret Wing researchers left work already.
You too, get a good rest, and let's work fully prepared!
The 4th-floor entities Giant Caput and Venedi are greatly altered from the other-floor entities
to become gigantic, or to harbor more venom...
Researchers seem to be very interested in these guys.
That's why I ask you to hunt them.
<FONT SIZE = 9>Um...why don't we do it? There must be something complicated at the upper level. I don't know.</FONT>
Can you hunt 15 <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Giant Caput and Venedi</FONT> each?
Data will be collected automatically, so you just need to focus on hunting.
Okay, go and hunt hard!
My bonus depends on your performance!
Have you been well? You came back from hunting safely.
Please tell me that the researchers worked hard today.
Looks like good data has been gathered.
Then I should pay you for the work you did today.
You worked hard today, so get a good rest and come back. Let's work hard tomorrow!
The researcher said he's withdrawn now. Chip maintenance is enough once a day!
Oh, by the way, are the chips sticking well?
It doesn't last that long...
And I have to back up and format the data I have collected so that I can receive new data, but I don't have the talent to do that...
I'll introduce you to a researcher who is currently in the field, would you like to go directly?
He is probably disguised to observe monsters, but I'll give you the location, so go check it out!
Isn't it frustrating to only work with me?
It wouldn't be a bad idea to meet the researchers working in the field...
Yeah! Isn't it frustrating to only meet with me to get work delivered?
I'm on my way to see him, so if you have any questions, you can ask him directly!
I heard that <NAVI>[Researcher]<INFO>sp_rudus4,192,204,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI> mostly burrows around the center of the 4th floor of Rudus.
I'm on my way to meet the Secret Wing researcher, so if you have any questions, you can ask him directly!
Have you been there? Did you talk a bit?
Is the researcher hiding well?
He's known for hiding very well, even though he doesn't have the skills to hide.
That's why you're out in the field.
Because this is also a job... Since I safely replaced him, the superiors asked me to take care of the allowance.
Well, it's good that you came back to me too!
Then have a good day and see you tomorrow!
Eh, won't you?
Zzz... Whoa!
Excuse me, sir! No more work!
Seup, Ha-am... Down this slope is an access control area.
People are not allowed to enter.
I'm not an ordinary person.
That... Still, I can't let you in on my own.
Excuse me! No more work!
Oops... ah, this is definitely not saliva
It is a drop of sweat that shines with passion and effort.
Hmm, hmmm. The entrance down this slope is now restricted...
What's going on?
Oh, there's a problem with your working attitude?
Sa, some people might sleep!!
I only slept a little!
Really!
Fourth floor? I'm in control right there...
Ah, did you come to see Yulma from Bullet Meow?
Then you should pass it.
If you want to look at the specimens on the 4th floor and help with a research request, go back to <NAVI>[Yulma]<INFO>pub_cat,94,43,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI> and ask.
I'll move you to the 4th floor.
Zzz... Huh! Shi, excuse me!
Are you sure you want to go down to the 4th floor of Rudus?
I see. Ha-am....
I'll move you. Take care!
Good. Field work.
You have to watch a lot of monsters.
...huh!
How did you recognize me?
I got a call. Are you here to renew the chip?
Let's see... Let's get some chips.
Hmmmm... Connect with my machine... Empty data...
Okay, that's it! The data is clean and very nice. I'll paste it again.
Because this is also a job, <NAVI>[Yulma]<INFO>pub_cat,94,43,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI> will give you a small allowance when you return.
I am always indebted to you. Good job!
Evil! If you pretend to know, monsters will come!
Go away!
I would like to do more research, but if my life is really in danger...
I have no choice but to hire a strong and sincere adventurer. Hmm...
I think level 200 would be enough... It's easy to say, but that is not the type of person who can be easily found.
Oh, oh my, my gosh. The strong and sincere adventurer I've been looking for has appeared here.
Would you like to help me with my research?
Even if I look at you with my eyes I recognize your skills at a glance, please do something...!
What? Will you help me?
No, that's it... Everyone refused, so the hanging words got stuck in my mouth.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Come on, that's it. Of course someone as talented as you can go to Niflheim.
Of course I don't have many days left and it's not the right time for me to go and I can't come back in time.
According to recent sources... Deep in the darkness of Niflheim, the dead hold a banquet,
in a form we cannot imagine.
But there is nowhere to hear more about it.
You'll find out soon anyway, but I'm curious now.
Can you take a look? I'll give you plenty of examples.
You wouldn't even think that you wouldn't be able to come back at your level...
If you're still that careful, okay. Come back when you're ready.
Thank you. Turns out I forgot to introduce myself.
My name is Garim Springfield.
I worked at Sage Castle for a long time... Now that I'm retired, I want to spend some leisure time here and also put in requests...
Relax...
Okay. It's worth it.
Grant an idle old man a wish.
Then I'll wait for the good news.
What are you doing? Go fast.
Huh? Did you really visit the banquet hall deep in Niflheim?
You came back alive?
Okay then, tell me your story.
Hmm hmm... I see!
I am prepared like this, so I won't be afraid if I go later!
The research will last forever...!
I felt like I could do research even after dying, so I felt better.
Ha-am...
I can't sleep
What's the fuss that you can't sleep even after you're dead?
Let's get some sleep...
I'm going to die because of the noise.
Huh? What? I don't deal with peddlers.
Oh, I did mean to ask you if you had sleeping pills... But I'm dead... You won't hear me... Hmm.
Uh, how did you know?
My complexion must look real bad...
Do you have a sleeping pill?
I'm not a junkie
Ah... I'm sorry. I misunderstood. All the people who have come this far were weird kids or people who sold drugs, so I kicked them out.
By the way... how did you know that I am tired? Does my complexion look that bad?
Actually, I've been dead for a while, but I've only recently come to Niflheim. So I decided to sleep here in this house...
I can't sleep at night because it's so noisy next door.
No, it's the pain of not being able to sleep because the next door is noisy even though I'm already dead..
Oh, not next door. They all ran away.
There's a reason why it is so cheap...
Yes, <NAVI>[there]<INFO>niflheim,148,124,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI>
The crazy villagers over there... they have a banquet every day.
I'm in there every day, every day!!
Ha... I know, even if it's every day, there's a set time.
By the way... If you were a drinker, who would have gone home on time, while you were alive, would you do that even in death?
I'm... dead, so I just want to sleep peacefully...
I hope they return to their senses after the banquet is over.
Yeah... you look pretty strong and there's alcohol... they are dead, so it's magic.
If you can silence those who are drunk with magical powers all night long, I will reward you.
Yes, of course every day.
I am Milla. I am now a resident of Niflheim.
Please help me sleep, my dear.
Yes, thank you for coming back.
For me and my neighbors... for a good night's sleep.
You can't do this if you're busy...
Ah, after all, the living do not hear that sound. This is my agony only known to the dead...
Another Dead: Noisy! Get some sleep!
Another Dead: He really can't sleep!
Beloved living, thank you for your mercy.
It's a luxurious facility with a banquet hall and an Opera House, but each one is a little different.
I'll ask for that kind of skill based on your kindness...
I think they've had enough today.
I hope you can help me tomorrow if you have time.
They look cute... but they're terribly noisy.
and make them holy for a day.
Ummm...
Yeah... Well, I won't die just because I can't sleep...
I'm already dead
Thank you for your kind heart.
Blessed be the mercy of the living!
Kya, did you hear them scream all the way here?
I think I can sleep a little deeper today thanks to you...
I have to make it through this commotion again tomorrow.
Thank you.
They have knives in their hands... 
It's too loud to knock anywhere!
I'm already dead.
Kya, did you hear the sound of their cleavers and their helmets flying all the way up to here?
If you go into the banquet hall of the dead there, there will be a piano.
It actually screams when a living person knocks on it.
Would it be fun?
Play the <NAVI>[piano]<INFO>nif_dun01,140,202,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI>
of the banquet hall of the dead.
There is no such thing as a song request.
Hahaha, did you hear that? It's like alcohol... No, it's like that if you drink magic and act like a hawk.
Hmm... no.
It's still too early to leave it to you...
I'll wait until you reach level 240.
I have time.
They've got their hair as if a bomb hit, and they look so excited.
I hope you show the hot taste to
that haunt the collapsed Opera House.
Huh, huh, I can hear the bomb head dusting all the way up to here.
Thanks to you, I will sleep well today.
Thank you. See you again tomorrow.
If you look at the collapsed Opera House there,
All the ones with dolls are so noisy.
Kyak-kyak-kyak-kyak-kyak-kyak-kyak, what did you really do?
Of course not. They will come again tomorrow.
Thank you. See you tomorrow.
The smashed... no, don't say that.
If you go to the collapsed Opera House, you will find ghosts in the frames.
But they don't even have a body...
Snoring, my dear.
A <NAVI>[ghost talking]<INFO>nif_dun02,37,221,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI>
and <NAVI>[snoring]<INFO>nif_dun02,249,221,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI>
inside the banquet hall of the dead, twist your nose.
You need to calm them down.
...I can't eat any more...
...hick.
Oh, have you been there? I fell asleep without realizing it.
It's really annoying to hear that snoring all the way...
It seems that the living do not hear well.
Anyway, thank you for today.
Sleep is precious...
Sleep enough while you're alive.
Funny Gatekeeper's Friend: Sing~ All night~ or forever~
Angry Gatekeeper: Kye-Look! Living! Play! No need to go!
Funny Gatekeeper's Friend: No need to leave! Play with us!
I couldn't hear anything, but the dead around me seem to be in an uproar.
Let's report to Milla.
Clink clink... Crackle!
Sleep alive! Kyaaak!
The living man plays the piano!
Oh my God, he can't really play...
How could that be...
You ruined the atmosphere!
Piano Ooo!!!
The piano is stunned...
Helpful Gatekeeper: Uh-huh-huh. You don't have enough grooming to get through here.
Silent Gatekeeper: ...means you are under-leveled.
Helpful Gatekeeper: Uh-huh-huh. Mountain, go up. Can't come down.
Silent Gatekeeper: ...means welcome.
Silent Gatekeeper: ...
I twisted the nose of the ghost in the frame.
There was no touch, but the ghost stopped talking.
Let's go report to Milla.
The ghost that was talking about is not seen, and another ghost is sleeping.
I want to eat it too... it looks delicious...
There was no touch, but the ghost stopped snoring.
Nang!
The snoring ghost is nowhere to be seen, and another ghost is sleeping.
Dorolong Dorolong...
Beyond this it is dangerous, so access is restricted except for adventurers above a certain level.
 - This area can be accessed from level 215 or higher -
Would you like to go to the first floor of the Amicitia General Lab?
Okay. Have a nice adventure then.
Okay. I will transfer you to the Amicitia General Lab.
Oh, you are the hero of the last operation.
It's an honor to meet you in a place like this. May I buy you a drink?
 - This is a quest that can be performed at level 215 or higher - 
It's an honor! Hehe~
Here, a glass of Tropical Sograt, please!
Oh, are you okay with Tropical Sograt?
I like chocolate milk.
You buy it with your money.
By the way Gerbena, how is the Amicitia team?
Well, that's... I've finished organizing for now.
However, it is true that the number of rebellions to be deployed is a bit short since the total number of members is small.
Hmm, what should I do? Gerbena. Do you want to go?
Ah, take a look. My head is falling out just with all the staff.
What should I do? We need two teams per floor...
You're a hero.
Can you help us?
Gerbena, what are you talking about all of a sudden!
No, the hero was assigned a mission in association with Rebellion in the last operation.
So I was wondering if you could apply for me again this time...
Uh! yes.
Adventurer. What do you think?
Oh, yes. That's the order.
Nothing else, we have discovered a new laboratory around Einbroch.
The name is <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Amicitia General Lab</FONT>. According to the data provided by Rekenber, it is said to be a sister laboratory of the Werner Institute.
It seems that it did not conduct very illegal experiments and focused on the study of culturing chimeras as homunculus, but it is said that it was abandoned after an explosion at an underground magical power plant.
It came under investigation because one of the administrators of that abandoned lab was Werner.
As a result of the investigation, the chimeras that were being cultivated ran out of control due to an explosion accident and turned into monsters and were left unattended.
I couldn't tell if it was just neglected or intentionally.
It's not far from the city, so Rebellion took care of organizing it for safety reasons... As you've heard, we're having trouble with the lack of staff.
With your help, we can make the cleanup easier!
Okay. Could you help me with the subjugation?
Ah... Excuse me.
It's our job and we're just looking for help.
You must have your own things to do!
We will try to solve this by ourselves.
It is an honor to work with you!
Thank you for your cooperation!
Let's organize the group again...
Are you comfortable taking the mission alone or with the Rebellion's mission team?
If so, let's combine the Rebellion mission groups into one, and the hero's solo mission... mumble mumble.
Oh, why am I the only one thinking. Gerbena, help me!
Oops, yes!
Hero, these are the things we would like to ask of you from Amicitia.
Which of these would you like to help with?
Now, the Rebellion unit is in the process of following up.
It's okay, hero, to rest a little longer.
Thank you for being so active with us.
Can you come back after dawn?
You will be able to recognize them right away as the attribute characteristics of earth and fire appear much stronger than those of existing entities.
Actually, it's more like a monster than a homunculus...
Despite the destruction of the culture facility, the number of individuals continues to increase, so I would like to ask you to hunt about 15 specimens of each!
Hmm? Have you changed your mind?
Well, then! We have to re-organize! Ugh.
Hero, why don't you reconsider calmly?
Thank you very much for your support. The two types of chimeras will probably be roaming the ground floor of the closed lab Amicitia.
Please don't let the chimeras leave the lab.
Please hunt 15 of each.
Have you been there? You have completed all the tasks I mentioned.
Rebellion units are also on duty.
Thanks to the hero who organized it one step ahead, it seems to have made it easier to enter.
As expected from a hero. It is rare to find someone outside of the Rebellions who works with such sincerity and cleanliness.
I would be grateful if you could join the mission tomorrow as well.
It's not difficult to tell them apart because they've mutated into an appearance that clearly reveals the attributes of wind and water.
The number of individuals continues to increase without the help of a culture facility, so please hunt 15 of each.
Well, then! we have to re-organize! Ugh.
Thank you very much for your support. The two types of chimeras are staying on the first floor of the closed lab Amicitia.
Mission completed, confirmed.
Now deploy the rebellion troops.
Thanks to the hero who organized it one step ahead, we will be able to enter easily..
Thank you very much.
Working with someone outside of Rebellion, this is the first time I've felt such a good fit.
Hero, would you like to join the mission tomorrow as well?
This is a high-security job, so I only want to ask the hero a favor.
I didn't want to go through the mouths of as many people as possible, so the Rebellion units were excluded from this job.
Nothing else, but to find <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Traces of Werner</FONT> on the 1st floor of the abandoned lab Amicitia.
What part of Amicitia was managed by Werner, what kind of experiments he conducted, etc...
If anything has had an impact on the Institute, please come to me.
Documents, files, data! Anything is fine.
Would you like to go for me?
That's alright. But it's also annoying...
I would appreciate it if you could keep this request a secret.
Okay. It won't be easy to find... Any traces, so please come back to me with just one.
Then, I would like to thank you.
It won't be easy to find... Any traces, so please come back to me with just one.
Did you find any traces?
You've come to the right place. This note is in Werner's handwriting.
Thank you. We will hand this over to the secret wing agents for investigation.
Then you should be rewarded for your hard work.
Thank you for coming back tomorrow and working with me.
Because I can't just leave this to anyone.
There is something on the floor. Shall we take a closer look?
Research memo in neat handwriting. Werner's handwriting is exactly like this.
Let's take it and check it out.
Something is off the floor.
It looks like it's just garbage.
 - This is a quest that can be performed at level 230 or higher - 
Hero, there was a homunculus intensive culture room on the second floor of the Amicitia lab.
They were creating more powerful mutated chimeras.
It's pitiful, but if they are released from the lab, they will do more damage than you can imagine.
Can you help me clean up these chimeras?
Have you already been there today? If so, how about taking a break?
If you overwork your body, you may not do well.
Come back after dawn and work with us!
Some of the work they were doing in the incubator was mass production of mutated chimeras.
They re-mutated the mutated homunculus and further strengthened their aggression.
Both are creatures that imitate human form, but add a powerful transformation of the chimera properties to it.
It's been quite some time since the lab was closed and left unattended.
A quick hunt would make me feel more comfortable.
Ah, you changed your words!
Gerbena is heartbroken!
But it was our one-sided request.
Even if you refuse, we can't help it...
It's an honor that you help us!
Can I participate with you hero?
He doesn't like it. He is more comfortable doing it alone, calm down, Gerbena.
Ugh! Please take care of it for me!!
Now the Illusion Forces are deployed and continue their mission.
Thanks to the hero, it's easy to enter and subdue the Chimera.
Ugh, I also wanted to see the hero's wonderful battle in person...
Maybe someday I'll have a chance to see you?
If it's okay with you, why don't you come back tomorrow and work with us?
Among the homunculus in the intensive culture chamber, there are Mutant Chimera Lavaeter and Mutant Chimera Fulgor.
It looks similar to the existing Homunculus Dieter and Homunculus Bayeri, but they are very different.
It is different from a homunculus in that it reproduces itself and it decides without an owner.
You can't rescue them or do anything. All, every single one of them has to be killed.
He said he doesn't like it. He is more comfortable doing it alone, calm down, Gerbena.
Yes! Mission completed, confirmed. Now, Illusion troops are in!
Thanks to you, they will be able to easily enter and subdue the Chimera.
Ugh, I also wanted to see the hero's beautiful battle in person...
# (wrote 415 new, 0 duplicates skipped)

# === dewata (615 strings) ===
- You hear a faint conversation going on inside. -
Once again, I have failed to
make the ^8B4513Jaty Crown^000000...
I was sure that I could do it this time.
Why won't it work?
The ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 has been known to have miraculous power since the time of the ancients.
But it's been said only those who've earned a tribal honor
would be able to use it.
^0000FFKasyapa^000000!!
Are you saying that even though I am the leader of our tribe, I have not yet received that honor?
Calm down ^0000FFChief Paiko^000000...
As the Great and Powerful Chief, you should be more than enough to qualify.
In my younger years I could have easily solved the problem but this old man's mind cannot figure out what's missing.
The conversation trails off and you don't hear any more.
Kasyapa and Chief Paiko begin talking as you are about to leave...
I am unsure of what is missing but that traveler could be big help in creating the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000.
Of this I am certain.
The reason is...
What is the reason?
This ^8B4513Cendrawasih Feather^000000 was owned by our first tribe leader when the crown was originally created.
It was stored as a treasured heirloom of our tribe.
But when the traveler came near, this feather started to shine, and I kept thinking that this is not just a coincidence.
This person will be the key to assisting us to make the crown.
Could it happen for sure?
If so, I will give everything
to support them...
Ah, a stranger to our land.
Are you lost?
I hope you did not encounter much danger on your journey here.
Your earnest expression tells me
that you have something to say
you might as well tell me what it is.
I overheard talk about a crown?
Just looking for the gift shop.
Really?
It looked as if your eyes
wanted to say something.
Oh, you heard about the crown, eh?
Ah, this old man's got loose lips
we should have used a little more discretion...
Anything I can do to help?
I can see in your eyes
that you are a trustworthy sort... but...
There is a brief twinkling of light ^0000FFKasyapa^000000 all of sudden seems to be taken aback.
Ah, the feather......!
Instead of talking to me, why don't you talk to our tribe's leader, ^0000FFPaiko^000000.
Instead of talking to me, why don't you talk to our tribe's leader, ^0000FFChief Paiko^000000.
If that's what Chief ^0000FFPaiko^000000 wants
I don't have any more to say.
Hmm....
but...... this....
Never mind, please have a good trip.
I've been waiting for you traveler.
Our tribe's leader has a favor
to ask of you.
Please talk to Chief ^0000FFPaiko^000000.
I heard you could help making a crown
for our tribe leader.
You will certainly be
a big help to us...
I trust my own eyes!
And also the sparkling light...
The symbol of Dayak Tribe
and a famous mystical creature.
Find 15 of ^006400Cendrawasih Feather^000000
and bring them to Chief ^0000FFPaiko^000000.
With the feathers that you have brought creating a ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 is going much more smoothly.
Go see Chief ^0000FFPaiko^000000.
There is something
I wish to give to you
as a reward for your help.
Please, it would honor us if you would take it.
You are carrying too much weight over the limit.
I cannot get you your reward unless you reduce the amount of weighty items you are carrying.
You are carrying too much in your inventory.
I will give you the reward once you unburden yourself and return.
The reason I asked you to embark on this important mission is because of this feather.
Handed down from generation to generation the legendary origin of the crown is this feather...
I saw this feather begin to shine when you came here.
I knew you were a person who
would endeavour to help us.
On behalf of my people
I give my thanks.
Also, the feather you received isn't just valuable on its own, it also is an acknowledgment from our tribe.
Like ^8B4513Krakatau^000000 Volcano, when you venture into dangerous areas like that, if you display this feather, you can get help from the tribe.
Anyway, I really thank you.
I am the leader of this tribe
^0000FFPaiko^000000
I can see you are a traveler,
from another land.
What brings you here?
I overheard the story by accident
I have nothing to say.
You are wasting your time here.
There are many other attractions around our village.
What do you mean?
You heard the story about a crown?
You must have heard incorrectly.
I have nothing to say to you
regarding such things.
Kasyapa was talking about a crown...
It seems that ^0000FFKasyapa^000000 has told you a tall tale and I appreciate your concern about our affairs.
It's not something that a stranger like you could understand so make like a tree, and get out of here.
If it's about the crown I want you to stop asking about it.
Please leave.
I've been waiting for you, traveler
according to sage ^0000FFKasyapa^000000
You are willing to help us make a crown for our tribe.
Crown-a-whatsis?
The Tribe leader has the duty of making and protecting the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 to uphold the tribe's pride and honor.
But, ever since I became the tribe leader there have been difficulties making it.
According to Sage ^0000FFKasyapa^000000, you can help us create a ^006400Jaty Crown^000000.
Do you think you can help?
Your efforts will not go unrewarded.
Ok, I will help
I am sorry, I cannot help now.
That's really sad.
If you ever change
your mind, please
come again.
I will be waiting.
Many thanks to you, stranger
If Kasyapa trusts you then I know that you can help us make a
^006400Jaty Crown^000000
What you can do to
help us is very simple.
The symbol of the Jaty Tribe is also a famous mystical creature.
Find 15 ^006400Cendrawasih Feather^000000s and bring them to me.
Our faith is in you, stranger.
It seems that you have yet to find the materials to make the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000.
The symbol of the Dayak Tribe is also a famous mystical creature.
Oh! You've found all of them. Look! The feathers you have found are sparkling. Aren't they?
Alright, let me begin crafting the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 I feel that I am ready.
Suddenly, a large noise begins to boom as you and ^0000FFPaiko^000000 are surrounded by warm and bright sparkling energy like a thousand tinkling fireflies.
With your help the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 is coming along nicely.
It will take some time until the task is finished so please wait a little.
After the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 is complete, there is a gift that I want to give to you.
Ah, also you should go see Sage ^0000FFKasyapa^000000 who really wants to reward you with something.
Ah, you should talk to Sage ^0000FFKasyapa^000000 who really wants to reward you with something.
With your support I am not worrying about creating the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000.
I really appreciate it.
A delightful day like today should be celebrated. Don't you think?
So I prepared to sample the special food of our tribe, called ^006400Satay^000000
But, this ^006400Satay^000000 is too tasty for just the two of us to share so we would like to share it with people out in the village.
What do you think?
In order to share news that
the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 is being successfully crafted and to share the delicious ^006400Satay^000000 with our friends, I need your help.
Are you up for a short delivery job?
Of course, I can help
Sorry, I am too busy to help.
I believed you would definitely help me...
It's a little disappointing.
If you ever change your mind
come speak with me again.
Oh!, I knew you'd help.
Our tribe's warriors come to my mind before we share with anyone else.
Please share Satay with the warriors in the village.
For the moment I will give you 2 ^006400Satay^000000.
You may be tempted by the aroma of our ^006400Satay^000000 and you may eat one but, if you eat more than that you won't be able to share the ^006400Satay^000000
with our village friends.
Our tribe warriors come to my mind to deliver the food to share Satay with warriors in the village.
Ah, the next person whom I want the ^006400Satay^000000 delivered to is someone who stays across from the river, the ^0000FFTribe Manager^000000.
To this end, I will give you 2 more servings of ^006400Satay^000000.
If you are attracted by the aroma of the ^006400Satay^000000, you may eat one but, if you eat more you won't be able to share ^006400Satay^000000 with our friends.
Second person to be delivered ^006400Satay^000000 is someone who stays across the river.
That is the ^0000FFTribe Manager^000000.
Please deliver it to them before it cools down.
Oh, you have delivered it already?
The third person to deliver the ^006400Satay^000000 to is the ^0000FFGatekeeper of Krakatau Volcano^000000.
I'll give you 2 more servings of ^006400Satay^000000 for this delivery.
And just like before, don't give into the smell and try not to eat the ^006400Satay^000000.
Please deliver it before it cools down.
Oh, You have delivered it
Last person to deliver ^006400Satay^000000 to is the ^0000FFBorobudur Temple Manager^000000 who is on ^8B4513Dewata Island^000000.
I will give you 2 more ^006400Satay^000000
The last person to be delivered ^006400Satay^000000 is
^0000FFBorobudur Temple Manager^000000 who is in
^8B4513Dewata Island^000000.
Oh, you have delivered it.
You've done good work.
It has been a good time for all of us to share and enjoy this happy occasion together. Thank you.
While you were on the way back from delivering the ^006400Satay^000000,
the Jaty Crown has been made. Its ambience and radiance make it a truly flawless crown.
Also, you brought more than enough materials so after making the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000, we were able to craft a similar one for you to keep.
It's not the same as the original, but it has its own specialty. It is my reward to thank you for what you have done.
You are carrying too much weight to receive your reward.
Please reduce your carried weight and come back again.
Made with our tribe's secret marinade try the ^006400Satay^000000.
It was made with all our heart, especially for you, but don't forget to share it with friends.
Whatever you do in the future, I wish for you to have a life which is full of fortune and joy.
As Chief of the ^8B4513Jaty Tribe^000000, I wish you the best of luck!!
It seems that you have yet to deliver the ^006400Satay^000000.
Did you run into any problems?
Haven't you delivered the ^006400Satay^000000 yet?
Anything go wrong?
I ate them all.
Deliver to whom.
Nothing.
Huh... so you couldn't resist yourself, eh?
Don't blame yourself too much. It is difficult to resist the ^006400Satay^000000's addicting aroma.
Our tribe is short on food supplies so we can't give out more of our ^006400Satay^000000, but there's a rumor that the restaurant owner in Dewata Island is making and selling their own ^006400Satay^000000.
It is not as tasty as our tribe's recipe, but this is an urgent task so just find it and deliver it.
Alright! Deliver it right now!
We revere strength and bravery.
We are ^FF0000Jaty^000000 Tribe.
My trained eyes see that
you seem about to say something.
Speak, and state your business.
^0000FFTribal Chief Paiko^000000
I've heard about your
helpful deeds...
As a representative of my tribe
I express my thanks to you.
Also, thank you for the ^006400Satay^000000
My mouth is already watering thank you.
There is something I would like to share with you regarding our tribe.
Unlike the ancient times when our tribe's warriors fought and shed their blood the world has become more peaceful nowadays but our tribe's territory has shrunk drastically.
Nevertheless we will continue keeping the warrior tradition of our tribe alive and we will preserve the pride we have earned through the sacrifice of those past warriors.
I hope that your perseverance and pride remain with you in your travels.
Keeping our culture and tradition is very important.
Although it is a little boring...
It seems to me that you have something
to say, don't you?
I didn't know that there was
such an effort being put forth
and that you took a key role in the effort...
You are the hero of the^8B4513Jaty Tribe^000000.
Wow~ the savory scent of
delicious homemade ^006400Satay^000000!!
Thank you for the meal.
Please give my regards
to our Tribe Leader.
There are few contacts between
^8B4513Dewata Island^000000 and ^8B4513Jaty tribe^000000.
We used to have a stronger bond
in older times.
But with new culture and foreigners flowing in
^8B4513Dewata Island^000000 has became a tourist attraction and we have lost touch with them.
The tourist attraction has expanded continuously but the reason it hasn't influenced us here is due to this small temple which I am managing.
I couldn't let our tradition fade away like that easily.
I hope keeping our tradition and culture alive lets people know how important these things are to us.
From now on, I hope people from ^8B4513Dewata Island^000000 and ^8B4513Jaty Tribe^000000 can get along and interact more often.
^8B4513Krakatau Volcano^000000 is
a very dangerous area
I cannot allow anyone to go in there.
Allow me through
I don't want to go in
so I can't allow you in
unless you qualify for entry.
You are the traveler who was acknowledged by tribe leader as a friend of the tribe and received a ^006400Shining Cendrawasih Feather^000000.
Well, I will let you pass but ^8B4513Krakatau Volcano^000000 is dangerous so please take care.
You have chosen wisely.
an extremely dangerous area.
Oh! I didn't know about that!
This is some of the best news
I have heard recently.
Um, what is this wonderful smell?
Of course, it's our ^006400Satay^000000!
I was slightly hungry
so this should fill me up.
Since you came all the way here
I will share you an interesting story.
It has become a lost tradition in recent years but until 10 or more years ago in order to become a ^8B4513Jaty Tribe^000000 warrior you had to climb Krakatau Volcano to prove your endurance.
The eyes of those warriors were anxious yet determined before going up ^8B4513Krakatau Volcano^000000.
I still cannot forget that look in their eyes I feel a little bit the same emotion from you Adventurer.
I want you to live long and prosper.
Be healthy and safe, traveler so you can live to tell the tale of your adventures.
Want to go back
to Dewata?
Yes
No
a dangerous place.
You should go back now.
The weather today is so beautiful.
By the way, do you have
something to tell me...?
I never knew such a thing had happened.
If you had told me in advance, I could have helped at least a little bit.
Still things have gone well with your help.
Ah, it is the ^006400Satay^00000 that I sampled when the tribe invited me some time ago.
Good~~ This is the same taste I remember.
To give my thanks I will pass along a story that may interest you
Legend tells of a strange bird called ^FF0000Garuda^000000.
It has the torso, arms and legs of a human but has the head and beak of an eagle.
The Story of this bird describes it helping the gods exterminate wicked demons and snakes.
The tale has been passed down from generation to generation.
Quite interesting, isn't it?
I am sure in the village of the ^8B4513Jaty Tribe^000000 there are many legendary stories.
When I get to meet the Chief, I will hear many such stories for sure.
I am not certain of when we will cross paths again but I hope we will meet again someday.
I wish you a pleasant journey, young traveler.
Why are you carrying so much? Doesn't that hurt your back?
Is it a trend for youngsters to carry heavy things?
Will you help me again tomorrow?
Poby still has a back pain.
Backaches don't just go away after one day.
Dewata is always crowded but today is quiet.
Oh god! We don't have a message from the Jaty tribe yet.
They have never broken a promise for 10 years, I do not know the reason. What's happening?
I might spoil all the liquid if it is going on like this.
What should I do? I still don't have any news from the Jaty tribe.
Oh no~ All the liquid is going to spoil...
What happened?
Who are you?
You are an adventurer, right?
As you can see from the jars around me, I am making ^0000FFtraditional wine^000000 for a living.
Everyone knows about this, so ^0000FFDewata island^000000 attracts many tourists.
Especially this traditional wine, which has been made for four generations! But ^FF0000Ark^000000 is short of supply.
Ark needs ^0000FFPalm Oils^000000, made from Oil Palm Fruit.
Unfortunately, we haven't been getting ^0000FFPalm Oil^000000 from the Jaty tribe village lately.
The ingredients might be useless if it is delivered too late.
Sounds like a big problem.
It is more of a problem than you think. Sales are credit, but if we do not make due today, we'll lose the credit, the ingredients, and the tourists who do not get the Ark. So it's quite damaging.
Ah, right! Are you busy now?
Sorry, I am busy.
No, I am not busy.
Hmm, I have no choice.
You don't care that others are in trouble. What has this world come to?
That's good to hear.
So since you are wandering here...
Do you mind if I ask you a favor~? Actually I have to visit the Jaty Tribe, but this unmatured ^FF0000Ark^000000 won't let me leave.
Will you go to Jaty village and ask ^0000FFLero^000000 what happened?
This guy has never broken a promise for 10 years, so he must have a really good reason not to come.
Find the best oil master.
His name again is ^0000FFLero^000000.
So, what did Lero say?
You didn't find out what happened?
Find the best oil master. His name is ^0000FFLero^000000.
Palm tree... became.
- You explain the situation to Mr. Memo -
Lero said sorry?
Hmm, it's okay.
That must be ^0000FFPoby^000000. If he has been hurt, that's why there wasn't any message. Lero actually cares about him a lot...
He might be troublesome, but please visit the Jaty village. Lero must complete the oil.
If it is not, wait there and bring ^FF000030 bottles of oil^000000 to me.
Oh, didn't I tell you to bring 30 bottles of oil? Did you forget?
Go back to Lero and get more, he will give you more if it was your mistake.
You brought the oil. Good job, and thank you.
Excuse me, but I have an urgent matter to attend to. Can you wait for a while and talk to me when I'm done?
- Memo is making an ark. -
- There is error in the quest. -
Did I make you wait too long?
My family has been making Arks for four generations.
Grandfather had a hard living since he didn't get many good sales.
Dewata island people do not drink much in the hot weather.
When I was young, Dewata developed as a tourist attraction and that's when the ^FF00FFtour package^000000 Ark started selling well.
Good liquid needs fresh oil. I was able to make liquid for ten years and deliver it all on time.
Because today's oil has not arrived on time, I think I might have a hard time.
You helped me to make the liquid correctly.
This proverb ^0000FF'Mengatakan mudah, mengerjakan susah.'^000000 means it is easy to say something but hard to do anything.
In other words, it's easy to say that we'll help others but it's hard to actually do the action.
You really did a great job. I like you because you are different from today's youngins.
Will you help me with my work from time to time?
I will pay you for what you do for me.
Just came by to say hello.
I will help you.
I guess you are busy.
If possible, will you get the oil from Lero? I will appreciate it...
Thank you. I know that you're busy and helping me can be a chore.
Can you help Lero and bring back palm tree oil...?
You haven't brought enough oil.
Poby owes me a few things, he'll give you some.
Oh you brought the oil, good job.
You must've had a hard time bringing the oil so here take this drink.
Ark is famous for tourists, a guy bought many bottles by himself.
Worrying that he'll drink alone? Too much drink always becomes poisonous.
The sun always rises in the East. The well known laziness wakes up early in the morning.
Does he come to reality? He is good but lazy.
The first blow is half the battle.
I think that you're destined to do great things.
There's a man saying blow hot and cold, it seems that a word is easy but it is not.
I believe that you will hold true to your promise.
I want you to help me this time.
Poby still has back pains and it will take some days for him to recover.
Dewata island is always crowded but today is quiet.
You're carrying too many things...
Oh no! I have so many orders and I'm running out of ingredients.
Not yet? What's going on, Poby? Where did he go?
Excuse me, but are you Lero?
When Poby gets back here, I'm gonna give him a beating he'll never forget!
- Lero seems pretty mad at someone and ignores you -
Oops. Who are you?
Memo sent me here.
Ah, right! I forgot about Memo because the workers who gather nuts have not come yet. Sorry.
To make fresh palm oils, I need fresh Palm Oil Fruit. Then I'll be able to get more fresh oil from its fresh fruit.
Between you and me, Mr. Memo is so fussy that he will not use any unfresh oil.
To make fresh oil, he always sends the workers to palm tree forest, but... the guys sent at dawn have not come back yet.
First, I thought that he was lazy and it made me very uneasy.
Can you find the workers in the palm forest?
Yes, I will find them.
Thank you so much.
Find Poby.
Poby might in ^0000FFPalm Forest^000000. The crop is best at the southern part of the forest.
Did you find Poby?
Oh, you haven't visited the east of ^0000FFPalm Forest^000000 yet. I'm pretty worried.
You're back... and... Poby...
How is Poby?
Poby.....
Ah! I didn't know that. I always tell Poby ^0000FF'Kemarau setahun rusak sehari.'^000000
He climbed the tree without any safety equipment, so he might've fallen down and gotten injured.
Hmm... Sorry I couldn't get the Palm Oil right now.
Will you deliver the message to Mr. Memo that it is impossible to get the oil due do to a lack of ingredients?
No artisans can create anything without ingredients.
Why don't I get the ingredients?
Ah, that can be a good way, but it will be hard to gather nuts as a starter.
Hmm!!!
I have a good idea.
You can ask Poby about the best method of gathering nuts where you met him in the forest. He should be able to teach you the technique.
Although he is lazy and rather careless, he is the best worker.
Did you gather the nuts already?
One, two...
This isn't the number I ordered from Poby.
It's going to be difficult if it is delayed more, so hurry up and bring me 60.
One, two, three, four, . . . .
60 pieces of nuts, exactly. I will press the oil right now.
It takes some time, so go back to Mr. Memo and tell him the situation. Also tell him that I'm sorry for the delay.
You are carrying too much right now to continue.
You've come at the right time. I just finished making the palm tree oil.
It is heavier than you might think, so be careful when carrying it.
Oh, tell Mr. Memo that I'm sorry for the late delivery, and explain that it wasn't my fault.
I clearly remembered giving you 30 bottles of palm tree oil, did you lose it all?
Sorry, it's my fault...
This is the palm tree oil which was in short supply. Be careful please. It was really hard to get this...
What did Mr. Memo say?
Ah... I understand...
What happened? I didn't get a memo from Mr. Memo that he was going to send someone here.
Hey, I've been waiting for you. I didn't know that Poby's injury would make my life so difficult.
Once you bring the oil palm nuts, Mr. Memo will exchange them with oil.
You're carrying too much right now to continue.
As I told you before, it is heavier than you might think, so be careful when carrying this.
What's going on with Poby...? Why hasn't he come back...?
- Seems that he is waiting for someone-
Why are you carrying so much?
You're going to regret it if you are carrying so much.
Ah~ backache...
Are you Poby?
I do not know you, but
are you a fan of mine?
I'm Poby, the best fruit hunter in the Jaty tribe.
You here for my autograph?
Lero made me come here.
Ah! Mr. Lero made you come here. I can't move because I hurt my back while climbing a tree.
And I've still never had a girlfriend...
Ah! Sorry. Tell Mr. Lero that I will go back if I can find a way to move.
I can't move at all 'cuz of this backache...
You got all the fruits. Bring them to Mr. Lero.
It's easiest for beginners like you to shake or kick the tree.
It might be dangerous, so always wear a ^0000FFSafety Helmet^000000.
Gather ^FF000060 ^0000FFPalm Oil Fruit^000000 and bring them to Mr. Lero.
Oh!! You're-- Let me guess...
...you're back! You plan to catch ^0000FFPalm Oil Fruit^000000 instead of me, right?
It is hard for beginners to catch the fruit like me. No it's impossible.
Masters usually climb the tree to catch the fruit, but you're a beginner...
It's easiest for beginners to shake or kick the tree. It might be dangerous, so remember to wear a ^0000FFSafety Helmet^000000.
Ok! Gather ^FF000060^0000FF ^0000FFPalm Oil Fruit^000000 and bring that amount to Mr. Lero.
Good work! Be careful while delivering them~
- You explain the situation. -
Right... I owed Memo's grandfather. Wait, I hid some oil around here.
I have some, but you seem to have too much stuff with you.
- rummaging... rummaging... -
Ah! Here is another one. Take care not to lose it again. And keep it a secret from Mr. Lero.
Why'd you come here?
I want to know how to get fruit.
I'm taking a walk because I think it will make my back ache less.
It's easiest for beginners to shake or kick the tree.
Ah~ my freakin' back is killing me.
You are carrying too much.
There's a palm tree
facing the cool wind.
The palm tree denies
your greedy hands.
There's a palm tree with fruits and flowers hanging from its branches.
Be sure to wear a Safety Helmet while trying to pick the fruit.
There's a palm tree.
You can kick or shake it.
What do you want to do?
Shake the tree
Kick the tree
You shake the palm tree.
You kick the palm tree swiftly with all you might.
a ^FF0000stone^000000 falls out.
a ^FF0000Great Leaf^000000 falls out.
a ^FF0000Worm Peeling^000000 falls out.
an ^0000FFOil Palm Fruit^000000 falls out.
something falls on your head, but since you're wearing a Safety Helmet you're safe and sound.
something smashes down on your head, right where that soft spot is, $#*@! that's a one in a million shot.
tons of ^0000FFOil Palm Fruit^000000 crashes down from the tree.
but nothing happens.
- Hold it right there!! -
- You're carrying too many items and don't have enough inventory space to receive any rewards. -
- Please make more inventory space available and come back to take this challenge. -
Where in the hell am I? Everybody here is avoiding me.
No, I'm not.
I'd like to ask
you a question.
Where is this place?
- He seems to be asking for the Island name. -
This is Dewata Island? You're sure this is Dewata Island?
Hahahahahahahahaha...!!!
- The old man started to laugh like a crazy person after hearing the name of the Island. You decide to ask a little bit later. -
- The old man gave a deep sigh of resignation and continued speaking. -
Damn... My plan is ruined. I invested all my fortunes to get there, but I failed. I can't do anything now, my boat has been wrecked.
- The old man starts to cry. -
- Feeling awkward, you quickly leave. -
Well... Sir...
Cough... cough...
Oh... Sorry~ Sorry. I was so happy that I finally arrived at Dewata Island.
This is not a short story. Oh! I have to introduce myself first. I am Mastersmith Gatti, also an Adventurer.
I found a mysterious Weapon blueprint, but I don't remember exactly when I acquired it.
Weapon Blueprint?
Yes! I traveled all around to find the materials for the weapon, but...
But?
I couldn't find the last material anywhere.
I was about to give up, but there was some fine print on the blueprint saying that it could be found on the Dewata Island.
I don't know why somebody put such an important thing in fine print. Anyway, after reading that, I invested all my fortunes to find that Island.
Oh... Is that so?
This island is strange. I arrived here a week ago, and everybody here has been avoiding me.
Last week was so hard, but you saved me by telling me this is Dewata Island.
Thank you for telling me, and thank you for passing here at just the right time.
Uh... No problem.
Well... There was a little problem of my ship getting wrecked, but that's neither here nor there.
Now that I found out this is Dewata Island, I should find the material for this great weapon.
Ah! the material that I am looking for is Comodo Leather.
Comodo Leather?
Yes. In the blueprint, it's written that only the recognized few of the Dewata Natives are worthy enough to fight against the Comodo Dragon.
In order to fight the Comodo Dragon, you have to get recognized by the natives. I assume it'll be hard to get the recognition.
Of course, it must be...
Let me ask you a favor. If you get the recognition first, please don't forget to visit me.
Lady, you possess a strong energy.
You possess a strong energy.
Have you seen a monster called a Comodo Dragon on this Island?
Yes, I have.
Oh! Really?
I'm so lucky to have met you. This is going so well.
Would you please help me?
The weapon material that I was looking for is ^0000FFComodo Leather^000000. Bring me 100 of them, and I will make you a fancy weapon.
I heard Comodo Dragons are very powerful monsters. Please be careful.
Did you get recognized by the natives?
I guess not yet. I'm asking around everywhere, but I couldn't find a way to get recognized from natives. I don't know when I could finish making this weapon.
If you get the recognition before me, please DON'T forget to visit me.
So, did you get recognized by the natives?
Oh yes! Finally.
Lady, you also possess a strong energy.
You also possess a strong energy.
Did you finally get the recognition from natives?
Yes.
Oh! Just as I expected!
I was so lucky to meet you. Everything is going so well.
I know I have no right to ask you for this, but meeting like this is a destiny...
- Gatti mumbles. -
The weapon material that I so longed for is ^0000FFComodo Leather^000000. Please get me 100 of them.
I'm so eager to make the weapon in the weapon blueprint.
Please, before my passion fades out.
Oh! And Comodo Dragon is a very powerful monster, so please be careful.
By the looks of your walk, you must have brought me 100 Comodo Leather. Hand it over to me.
- Gatti takes the Comodo Leather from you. -
So, that is the Comodo Leather. But not enough.
I know I'm asking you a favor, but I need 100 of them.
Please be careful because Comodo Dragon is very powerful monster. And don't forget to bring me 100 Comodo Leather on your way back.
Oh~ Look at this. How resilient... So soft.
Comodo Leather is the best material ever.
Yes, how should I process this?
Hmm... Like this?
Or like that? Yes! This is the way!
- Mastersmith Gatti is enjoying to process the Leathers you've brought to make the weapon. -
- You should wait a little while. -
Well... Gatti?
Oh! Sorry, sorry! This leather is so interesting.
I made a hilt out of the leather you brought me.
Hilt?
You don't know what a hilt is? That's what you call the handle of a weapon.
- Gatti shows a thing that looks like a handle of a weapon. -
I tried making it like what's written in the blueprint, but I need more material.
Yes... To be frank with you, I ruined a lot of them trying different things.
I know this is a lot to ask, but can you get me 100 more Comodo Leather, 20 Steel, and 10 Oridecon?
I'll make you a best weapon ever.
Oh! I almost forgot. Don't forget to bring the hilt that I just made you.
A weapon must have a handle.
You brought all the material already?
You were also curious about the finished weapon? Haha.
Hmm... I need more of those. If my ship didn't get wrecked, I could made it on my own, but...
- Gatti mumbles to himself. -
100 Comodo Leather, 20 Steel, and 10 Oridecon are what I need.
If you bring them all, I'll make the best weapon ever.
Great! We have enough. Wait a little.
I finished making the weapon. This is called Caress according to the blueprint.
I keep finding new stuffs when I lay my eyes on this blueprint.
Now, I learned how to make the weapon, ask me any time if you need it.
So, how's the Caress that I made you?
It's great!
I need another Caress.
Can I make it stronger?
Yes, yes of course it's great.
I made that weapon so it should be good.
You only have a Hilt. You'll need to bring me 10 Oridecon, 20 Steel, and 70 Comodo Leather.
If you bring them, I'll make a brand new Caress.
You have all the materials. Wait just a little.
Here is the Caress! Ask me any time.
You want me to make one more Caress for you? In that case I need a Hilt. 50 Comodo Leather, and 1 Log. These are what I need to make a Hilt.
You brought the material for the Hilt. I'll make it right away.
Put this here, and process it like this...
Here you go. I can make a Caress if you bring me 10 Oridecon, 20 Steel, and 70 Comodo Leather.
So, you want to reinforce your weapon? The weapon gets broken from time to time during the process, but it doesn't happen that often.
Please reinforce the weapon.
May be next time.
Whenever you want to reinforce the Caress, just bring me the Caress and 100,000 zeny.
If you want to do it, I'll have to tell you some cautionary things before reinforcing the Caress.
^FF0000First!^009977 I need 1 Caress and 100,000 zeny to reinforce the Caress. As you know, I don't have any money right now because my ship got wrecked.^000000
^FF0000Second!^009977 If you have a Caress that is refined or inserted with cards in your inventory which you don't want to reinforce, it could get destroyed or it's upgrades can get changed during the reinforcing process.
If you don't want that to happen, put the refined Caress elsewhere before the reinforcing.^000000
^FF0000Third!^009977 Sometimes reinforcing fails. The weapon doesn't get destroyed every time you fail. However you should know that the weapon gets destroyed from time to time if you fail.^000000
Maybe next time.
You don't have all the materials. It's impossible to reinforce if you don't have them all. If you want to reinforce, bring 100,000 zeny and 1 Caress.
Oh my~~ Almost succeeded... But failed. Sorry, sorry...
Reinforcing the Caress has been successful. See you later.
# (wrote 615 new, 0 duplicates skipped)

# === 14_3_bis (1134 strings) ===
Soon we'll face a decisive war.
I'll do my best to fulfill my duty as the Guardian.
I'm preparing a gift for you to make up for my past transgressions against you.
I hope you'll like my gift. Yggdrasil's blessing doesn't last forever, 
but it'll last at least long enough to aid you and your party in battle.
Oh, it's a shard of his soul.
He's destined to endlessly roam the world that he's created in his mind.
Vengeance is meted out, but the results aren't as satisfying as I thought.
May I have this Soul Shard?
In exchange, I'll give you and your party
the biggest gift I can give.
Watch out for the Demon God's negative influence on you.
Oh, you already received Yggdrasil's blessing.
I'll take a rain check on this.
May Yggdrasil bless you.
^4d4dffGood job taking out Demon God Morocc. The server EXP rate has increased by 10% for about 1 hour.^000000
I don't understand this;
I badly wanted to get rid of him from this world,
yet I feel like I'm empty on the inside.
This must be
how people feel when they've lost their jobs overnight.
At least I've saved enough money
to go without a job for a while.
Things haven't even started off yet;
they will only when his true colors are revealed.
You are carrying too many items to proceed with the quest.
Please make some room in your inventory.
Stop bothering me.
If you're here to donate your body for my experiment, then you can stay.
Or scram!
What brings you, rookie?
Did you come to laugh at my misery, like everyone else?
*Snort*
This is a matter of pride.
I admit that my action sent my kinsmen in harm's way.
I want to say that I'm doing this to make up for what I did,
like everyone wants to believe. *Smirk*
But if I'm honest with myself,
I'm doing this to get back at Shnaim and Morocc for using me like a tool.
I'm planning to be the last one standing after everything goes down.
I've got no use for weaklings.
Come back when you become stronger.
Not bad, rookie.
Let me take the Mana Crystallines.
Good job.
Greenhorn, if you defeat those strong Demons, you'll find some mana crystallines.
I want you to bring them to me,
at least three at a time. Got it?
Hey, rookie.
Do you see those massive goons?
If you hunt those Distorted,
Blazing, and Freezing Reincarnations, you'll find some mana crystallines.
Part of mana stolen from the orb, the crystallines are what
make those Demon runts so strong.
I want you to
get rid of them and bring me Mana Crystallines.
Don't try to keep them from me: they're not useful for you.
Three Reincarnations, thus three Mana Crystallines.
Bring them at least for Kardui of Eclage.
Hm, I didn't know such a small amount of mana could produce
such great power.
Dirty Demons.
I hope you'll come back for the next subjugation.
Soon the Human Alliance will send out a Demon subjugation party. Come by before you leave.
You want to collect the mana, don't you?
Are you from the Human Alliance?
I don't remember asking for your assistance, yet.
If something were to happen, I'd send word to your commander-in-chief, Hibba Agip.
Can we really learn the truth about the Demon God in this place?
It's filled with creatures I've never seen.
Creepy...
The instigator of all the bad things is really hiding out in here, huh?
How exciting!
Oh, why am I here?
I came on Kar's behalf.
He can't leave Eclage while supplying it with mana that the orb can't.
Our priorities lie with Yggdrasil and her Guardian.
Plus, we really can't afford to lose the newborn Mayor.
I was able to persuade the Elders to let me command the army,
but I'm still a commander in name only.
What happened to Avant?
Hm...
We're using his knowledge.
We could have killed him, but that would've been too easy.
It's a kind of revenge I guess, huh.
After all, his only transgression is that he loves his science too much.
Even the Elders acknowledged his talent and decided to save his life.
Above all...
(Lowering his voice)
No one else knows the orb's mana has been stolen.
As far as others know, Avant's only responsible for me and Kar.
Avant's over there. You can ask him questions if you'd like.
Hah hah. 
The Temple of the Demon God, huh? Okay, well if you find stray mana from the orb in there, could you take care of it?
I don't know what kind of shape the mana is taking at the moment, but you won't mistake it for anything else.
If you find stray mana from the orb, then please hit and disperse it.
It'll find its way back to Yggdrasil and the orb.
Can you do that for us?
No worries.
I'll ask someone else.
We're good.
I owe you so much,
I don't know how to repay you.
Please release 3 Brilliant Manas, 3 Life Manas, and 3 Earth Manas.
I'll be counting on you.
Come back safely, you hear?
Avant knows about the orb's mana better than anyone else.
Even Kar and I can barely stand Avant, but he really needs your help.
This isn't just about collecting the orb's mana, but also has to do with the Demon God.
Most of my kinsmen don't know yet the orb's core mana has been stolen.
And I want to keep it that way.
Please help us.
Kar and I really need you.
All you have to do is just hit and disperse the moving globes of mana in the Temple of the Demon God.
Then the mana will be returned to Yggdrasil.
If you find solidified, immobile mana, just absorb them
by touching it.
It's no longer useful for us, but this is for you
to fight the Demons.
Good job!
I've felt the mana returning.
You did great. Kar will be excited!
This isn't much, but I want you to have it.
Hope you'll like it.
A substantial amount of mana has been leaked out of the orb.
If you're planning to reenter the Temple of the Demon God, then please look for more mana globes.
You should go rest for now.
Not all the stray globes of mana from the orb have been retrieved,
though we're making progress.
I'll appreciate if you can come back tomorrow and help us again.
If you're planning to reenter the Temple of the Demon God, then I'd like to ask you a favor.
Yes, it's the same thing I asked you before:
return the mana.
Talk to me again if you want to help us.
This place is bizarre beyond comprehension.
Morocc is here somewhere.
This definitely looks abysmal enough for someone like him to hang around.
Those must have been dragged in from the Morocc Desert, then contaminated by his evil energy.
Sigh...
We have a long and winding load ahead of us.
Sigh.
I'll call you when I need you.
Till then, focus on staying alive.
Ah, our hero is back!
Mwah hah hah, finally we've reached the end of our expedition!
I thank you on behalf of the entire humankind.
You're incredible!
You've saved the world!
After this, I'm going to go back home...
Abidal, enough!
Are you trying to raise a red flag?!
Thank you for your service.
Hah hah.
Finally I can sleep!
Wait, I sense something ominous around you...
Oh gods, what is this?!
Are you trying to have your soul devoured by the Demon God?!
Give it to me, and I'll crystallize it for you.
And I want you to meet that Guardian lady at the Laphine camp.
She might know about this.
The Temple of the Demon God is discovered inside the cave in the central hill.
A tree is blocking the entry to the temple.
That purple lady called the Guardian said she'd go there soon.
You should find her.
Well-met.
I've heard a path has been cleared in that dark cave.
Sometimes I think this condemned basin is alive.
You're smart and capable. I don't have to explain why I'm telling you this, do I?
Don't worry. I've sent out an advance party.
Be joyous, comrade!
It won't be long before our perilous journey is over!
And you'll be the one to end it.
We've decided to call the newly discovered place the Temple of the Demon God.
Actually the first scout named it, and the name stuck.
I'd like to put you on a subjugation mission in the Temple of the Demon God.
This is not an order, but a request;
you decide to take the mission at your own risk.
I understand
you don't want to risk your life for the world peace.
Enjoy living until the end of the world.
I knew I chose the right person for the job.
Loki said the Demon God hadn't fully recovered from
the damage received upon the break of his seal.
He's still licking his wounds,
which gives us a perfect opportunity to get at him.
Good luck.
*Whistle* Good work!
How's the Temple of the Demon God?
Still the same?
Take your reward.
See you again.
For the life of me, I can't figure out what's happening.
This place has gone to the dogs since that monster proclaimed that he would replace God.
I'm afraid once warped, dimensions can never be the same.
Could you go back to the Temple of the Demon God once more?
I understand.
You've done enough already.
I'll send someone else.
The Temple of the Demon God is stuck in a perpetual time loop,
just like all the other Dimensional Cracks.
He tried desperately to escape from this world, but all to no avail.
That world of his is now filled with nothing but hellish memories that repeat themselves over and over.
Good luck exploring the temple. If you see Morocc again, don't hesitate to kill the Demon God again.
He doesn't deserve commiseration.
Godspeed.
Now that we've taken care of the main body, we can take things slow.
Why don't you go rest for now?
Leave the rest to us.
I wouldn't believe you had an intense battle yesterday if I didn't already know about it.
Are you ready for another battle?
Let me know when you're ready.
Morocc is gone, yet his temple stands.
It might have something to do with the Dimensional Crack.
Oh, don't worry. I'm not thinking to send you out there.
Hah hah hah!
Are you on the quest to subjugate the Temple of the Demon God?
Then please do me a favor.
Our scouts have reported on the presence of a Frost Spider and a Fire Wolf that have tasted the Frost of Genesis.
They're just as evil as their master Morocc.
Please exterminate the Frost Spider and Fire Wolf.
Are you afraid you can't handle them?
They're formidable enemies.
The Fire Spider is called Brinaranea; the Fire Wolf, Muspellskoll.
Please exterminate those creatures of the Demon God.
Did you come to help us subjugate the Demon God?
Please be careful; the environment of this place keeps changing without any warning.
According to my intel, the Demon God has several henchmen.
I'd like you to eliminate the biggest threat among them.
It won't be easy, but I have faith in you.
The future of Midgard rests on your shoulders.
You did it!
I knew you would!
Congratulations!
But I'm afraid this is not over yet.
I have this nagging sense of misgiving.
I'm sorry. Maybe I'm thinking irrationally.
I've prepared a small token of appreciation for you.
I'm sorry this is the best I can do.
Thank you for your hard work.
You did great. You should go rest.
Are you well rested?
You look like you are.
That's great because we're worried about the Temple of the Demon God. We can't seem to close it.
I might ask you again to exterminate Frost Spiders and Fire Wolves.
Why wouldn't the Temple of the Demon God disappear?
You.
(Shaking her head) You won't do.
You're too weak to fight these Demons.
Go back and train some more.
Hey, well-met.
I need your help.
Some of those Demons pouring out of the Flaming Basin are a real pain in the neck.
Morocc Reincarnations have invaded here just as well, and some of them are noticeably strong.
I want you to get rid of them.
Um, this is unexpected.
I thought you came to protect the peace and prosperity of Midgard. Did you not?
Maybe I gave you too much credit.
All right, I'll ask someone else.
I'm really disappointed in you.
You don't disappoint me.
Listen, in the center of the basin is a high hill.
In four directions from the center roams a strong Demon.
They look just like those Reincarnations that attacked Morocc City,
but bigger and stronger.
For the smooth operation of the subjugation mission,
please ^4d4dffeliminate Distorted Morocc Reincarnation, Blazing Morocc Reincarnation, and Freezing Morocc Reincarnation.^000000
Please ^4d4dffeliminate Distorted Morocc Reincarnation, Blazing Morocc Reincarnation, and Freezing Morocc Reincarnation.^000000
You can find them stationed in four directions from the center of the basin.
You really took out those strong Demons.
That should be enough to break the spirit of the rest.
I hope you'll come back to help me again.
Let's go back home together, yeah?
Do you mean those giant reincarnations?
I've assigned some more adventurers to take care of them.
You should rest for the day. Come back to hunt tomorrow.
It's almost time for a Demon hunt.
Aren't you excited? Because I am! Hah hah!
I'm Hesranta, commander of the Sappha army.
It's my honor to fight beside you Humans.
I didn't expect to see you here!
... although a lot of things happened, I'm still waiting for you to complete the first thing I asked!
Please come back to help me!
Long time, no see.
Do you remember me?
We had an important discussion together back in Diel.
Why are you here?
I persuaded the Elders to let me bring an army here.
As you suspected, Ahat isn't a Sappha.
Only I'm aware of that knowledge at the moment.
Everyone else has pretty much forgotten he ever existed.
My undying suspicion about him kept me safe from Ahat's hypnosis.
He used the unspeakable talent to disappear.
After he disappeared, I persuaded the Elders that we must join the subjugation of the Demon God.
Other Sapphas were against me, for the safety of our kind,
but it's in our nature to help our friends at all costs.
So I've brought our bravest Gartens to the battlefield.
Long story short,
you no longer have to work for Ahat.
If you need the Contribution Certificate, do me a favor later and I'll give you one.
You know Chesher, don't you?
When it comes to him,
I can't trust anyone else.
I want to collect information about him first before I proceed with my plan.
Please stay safe until I talk to you again.
Do you remember that we talked about Chesher?
He's a sensitive issue, so I can't talk to other Sapphas about him.
But... it does not seem to please you,
go back and train some more.
And I was thinking...
Maybe you could help me confirm my suspicion.
What suspicion?
There are some things that don't seem to belong to this Flaming Basin.
They're boxes of some kind.
Animated by the Demon God's evil energy, those boxes are running amok about the basin.
Now I'm concerned...
You're concerned?
They're the spitting images of Bradium Boxes in Dicastes.
Could you exterminate them and help me determine their identity?
They really could be the Bradium Boxes that Chesher stole from Dicastes.
If so, I can use the boxes to replenish my army.
And retrieve the stolen Bradiums as well.
Correct. My army isn't getting much support, since this expedition has been solely my idea.
It's just wishful thinking; we won't know until we have the boxes.
For now please hunt one box and let me know what you find from it.
I'll be waiting.
Just hunt 1 ^4d4dffRampaging Box^000000 and bring me what you find inside it.
I see that you've subjugated a Rampaging Box,
but my real objective was to check its contents.
^4d4dffPlease exterminate a box and bring me the item you've found from it.^000000
I was right.
It's amazing how such an animate object can move on its own.
It must be enchanted, don't you think?
This confirms my suspicion:
those boxes in the Flaming Basin are Bradium Boxes from El Dicastes.
I don't want to impose on your kindness, but I hope you'll continue to hunt these boxes.
You're the only one I can trust with this, at least for now.
Gartens are brave, but they'll want to understand why Bradium Boxes are found in this place.
Then I'll have to tell them everything,
starting with Ahat, and that most Sapphas have forgotten about him will make things really complicated.
When do I start?
How about now?
^4d4dffPlease hunt those Rampaging Boxes and collect 10 Bradium Boxes.^000000
Welcome back.
Are you ready for the day?
Rampaging Boxes themselves aren't threatening, but they're surrounded by dangerous monsters. Please be careful.
Happy hunting!
It's amazing how those ore-filled boxes are moving on their own.
Maybe that's how the Demon God is recruiting his soldiers.
I can't thank you enough.
Let me take all the Bradium Boxes.
I can feel other people's eyes on us. Hah hah.
Hah hah, we're not in a hurry at the moment.
I wonder if Chesher knows we're stealing back his Bradium Boxes.
What should I feed the poor cat later?
Oh, keep up the good work collecting Bradium Boxes.
It's time to collect Bradium Boxes.
No problem.
Come back whenever you can.
I'm sorry that
I can't stop asking you for favors.
That's the spirit!
hunt Rampaging Boxes and collect Bradiums.
A Human, I see.
Looking at you, I can't help but muse on our situation.
You and I are having conversation.
This so-called Dimensional Crack, where the Demon God has taken up residence, falls into Bifrost's jurisdiction.
He and us are like two sides of the coin, or above and below the waterline.
He and us aren't exactly running parallel to each other, but maybe standing in a universe parallel to each other's.
My point is:
he could be under our nose, and we're unable to see him.
If his lair is located somewhere in Bifrost's territory,
the only possible scenario for us is
obliteration.
This place is nothing like I've imagined.
No grassy field or forest, really?
This place is overrun with strange creatures.
Everywhere is burning with fire, yet the air isn't suffocating.
Amazing.
We're in the process of regrouping for the upcoming battle.
Please don't bother us.
Commander: Soldiers, finally it's time to put your training to use!
Commander: WE ARE!
WE ARE!
THE PROUD!
LAPHNES!
Commander: We fight evil!
Fight evil!
...Freeze them all! Freeze!
(Exhaling through his mouth)
The Guardian is watching. I can't make any mistakes.
Shush.
Those Humans behind us are bothering me.
I shouldn't have volunteered to come here. I miss my yai...
How long do we have to wait?
I'm nervous.
The Sapphas aren't enemies... The Sapphas aren't enemies... Argh, but I want to beat them senseless!
I'm trying to remember to fire the moment I see the enemy.
I like tension--it keeps me on edge. Heh heh.
Yeah, yeah~
Watch out!
*Yawn*
Please be careful.
Back off--it's dangerous!
You're in a war zone. Don't let your guard down.
I'm worried for the guys at the front lines.
The Sapphas had better not flank us.
Of course I'm nervous. You don't have to ask me that.
Why the Administrative Officer put me in charge of the knights is beyond me.
They're not knights-in-training, or even apprentice knights. They're freaking Rune Knights.
Ah, I'm too inexperienced and powerless to do anything with them.
At least my safety is guaranteed so long as the three knights are with me.
I hope.
Too quiet.
I really need to let off some steam.
Grr...
I'm here to protect important personnel.
Ryoson, don't panic--fear spreads like wildfire.
I really hope I can accomplish my mission.
So far, so good.
Ryoson, no one's going to bite ya. Don't be so afraid.
Fighting the Demon God is like every knight's wet dream has come true.
Hmm...
Tension in the battlefield always thrills me.
We're here at last.
At first, I couldn't believe all those rumors about the Demon God's hideout and stronghold.
As things stand, I have no hope of going back to the mainland any time soon.
Gosh, I'm tired of those guys.
I'd better find the Demon God quickly.
Have I thought about losing?
I have, but I try not to.
I'll never going to win if I let myself believe I'll lose.
We Schwarzwaldians are born to win.
For the glory of Schwarzwald!
I thought Einbroch had bad air, and this place is no better.
We're going to win!
For Midgard!
Which one would you prefer: fighting the Demon God or standing watch in Einbroch?
My eyes are suddenly misty... I'd better chin up... *Inhale*
We're going to win, though.
I wish I trained harder.
This place is much more exciting than I imagined!
Where's the Demon God anyway?
Neither hide nor hair of him is to be seen.
Mwah hah hah!
Everything is Her will.
Having to coexist with heretics...
I've never seen so many different groups of heretics congregating in one place.
May the Goddess bless you.
Goddess is watching over us.
When I volunteered for the Ash-Bakum Expedition, I knew this day would come.
I'm ready.
I'm going to fight to the death for the peace of the Midgard Continent.
But I'm nervous all the same.
I really need to work on my emotional control. I don't want to scare anyone else.
Jakken: Soldiers, we're from different countries, but we've gathered here for one goal!
Jakken: Let's show the enemy the power of our union!
Jakken: Commence your march to glory!
At dawn~
I had a dream~
Of my home~
I put on my jacket~
Put on my helm~
Getting ready for a new day~
I'm ready~
I wear my sword~
Step out under the morning sun~
I look up~
Look forward~
Water's pure~
Mountains are green~
For my home~
I won't stop~
Until I defeat
The Demon God!
Waaaah-!
Haaaaah-!
A new mission will be announced soon.
Our objective is to locate the Demon God.
Let me check the intel our predecessors have left for us.
It's rude to eavesdrop on others, even if they're your colleagues.
This area... Well,
I'll check it out later.
Can't you see we're having a meeting? Please leave.
Well, I'm at the bottom of the food chain.
I just watch what my seniors do.
That's all.
It is dangerous past this point. Please move back.
All clear.
Those Continentals are damn good fighters.
Those Arunafeltz knuckleheads, why don't they come forward?
I can take down any of you!
They don't stop coming.
The Guardians are making things easier, but...
Step back.
Please step back.
Wh-where's the next relief?!
Why are we the only ones on the front line?
D-don't come closer!
Stop acting like a hero and move back!
I'm always on guard duty wherever I go.
I can get through the night. I must.
I think I've chosen the wrong team...
I'm tired of hearing them yelling heretics.
Ugh, how did I get myself into this mess?
...Loud.
The front lines are most dangerous.
I'll protect this defense line.
I wasn't napping!
...Yeah, yeah... Everything's clear, sir!
Yeah, yeah, of course.
I can't believe I'm fighting beside heretics.
*Yawn* Where's the next relief?
Hey, stop loitering. You're going to get yourself killed.
...This is tiring.
Our defense line is intact.
Keep your eyes forward! Everything's clear!
All clear!
You came here, too.
You can communicate with me without the ring, I see.
Now I wonder how far Bifrost's grace reaches.
Maybe I should use this opportunity to get to know the Laphines.
I admire Hesranta's bravery.
He's come to the battlefield, willing to ally with our enemy Laphines.
I really hope we won't have to fight Laphines in here.
The Jeruths and Nits in Dicastes Diel may have acquiesced Hesranta's plea,
but I'm completely with him on this.
Our enemies are our friends in the face of a common enemy: Demon God.
We can be cowards and let others fight the fight for us, sure,
but what if they lose? We'll go down with them, and that'll be on us.
The same goes for you, Humans.
We fight this fight to win.
My unit consists of the best of the best Gartens.
Human warrior,
I've waited for this day to fight beside you.
I swear on my life that I won't stop fighting until the Demon God is defeated!
When can we fight?
When?
I can't believe I have to fight alongside those accursed Laphines.
I still remember what they did to us in the last battle.
My duty is to protect Jeruth Hesranta.
You'd better step back,
or I'll consider you my enemy.
Hm!
Back off, Humanling!
Do you hear some bugs buzzing?
Don't compare us to those winged jerks!
Why does it have to be the Laphines?
We're superior to the Laphines.
Too loud.
We Gartens never retreat!
- There is a pile of dirty rags. -
- You are carrying too many items to proceed with the quest. -
- You left the pile of dirty rags where it is. -
Ugh...
- A moan is heard underneath the pile of rags. -
- Startled, you ran. -
Hey,
wake up!
Are you all right?
I n-need food...
I could even eat ^0000FFMonster's Feed^000000. Please...
- Again he lost consciousness, exhausted just from talking.
You should feed him ^0000FFMonster's Feed^000000. -
Ugh... H-help...
Yuck!
*Chomp Chomp*
*Barf*
Phew...
*Retch* Oh, yes, thanks to you.
*Retch*
I thought I was going to die. I'm lucky to be alive.
I've been having nothing but bad luck lately.
I got sucked into some strange place, separated from the rest of my party. The place I arrived was terrible. There was no sign of Human habitation.
It's a miracle that I'm here.
I lucked out.
Still alive.
Oh!
Where are my manners? I forgot to thank you properly.
Thank you
for feeding me, though the feed tasted horrible.
I'm glad I didn't die on the street. The world is still a beautiful place.
I'm moved.
My name is ^0000FFTamarin^000000.
I'm an adventurer, and no, this isn't my preferred attire.
Introduce yourself.
Ah,
I'd better do something before people start asking if I'm homeless.
Do you know a place where I can wash myself?
Water is scarce in the desert, huh?
do you mean the ^0000FFoasis near the northwestern sphinx^000000?
I've been in Morocc, but this is my first time inside the village.
I remember hearing that the place holds special water.
I feel excited to wash myself with the special water!
I'm going to the oasis now. Could you wait for me?
It'll take a while before I feel strong again, but at least I can walk on my own.
(Braces himself and inhales.)
Wait, wait.
I can stand up on my own.
Wait, wait!
How kind of you!
The world is still an okay place to live.
Then, let's go to the ^0000FFoasis near the northwestern sphinx^000000.
Pah!
This feels great!
The water feels too warm for my liking, but beggars can't be choosers.
You saved me from starvation, and took me to this great place. I must have been a great person in the past life
to deserve such kindness.
I want to repay you, fellow adventurer.
I lost all my belongings when I fell into that strange hole and got separated from my party,
but at least I can tell you an ^0000FFinteresting story^000000.
It's about the strange place I've been to.
All right, then.
I thought you were serious about adventuring.
Then
do you want your Monster's Feed back?
I knew you'd be interested!
Nothing piques adventurers' interest like the story of a strange place, right?
Ahem.
The story begins with my journey to the ^0000FFOther World^000000, the latest hot spot for adventurers.
Adventurer Tamarin and his party went on a journey to the land of the unknown, Other World.
Their journey was perilous, but they bravely moved forward.
Oh,
why am I speaking in the third-person perspective?
My original inspiration was Bard, but then I became a Hunter because my friends thought that suited me better.
Ask him to be more straightforward.
A while ago, my friends and I decided to explore the Other World together.
Since it'd be our first visit to the Other World, we wanted to go to a more popular spot, but one of us wouldn't have it--he was so excited that he started acting out of control.
When I came back to my senses, I was alone in a strange place.
The ^0000FFland was burning with perpetual flames^000000 that weren't too hot to touch, and ^0000FFstrange-looking plants and insects^000000 were crawling all over the place.
At first I yelled for help and moved around hoping to find others, but all to no avail.
After a few days of having nothing to eat, I started to eat anything I saw off the ground, and I had the worst diarrhea ever.
I didn't know how many days had passed before I saw a group of some entities that I thought were men at a glance.
But ^0000FFthey looked too strange to pass as human^000000.
I couldn't talk to them, so I just jumped into the Crack that they came through.
My knees gave way and I rolled on my side. When I looked around, I was back at the ^0000FFDimensional Crack^000000 where my friends and I first arrived.
I came out through the ^0000FFMorocc Dimensional Teleporter^000000 and used every ounce of my energy to get to Morocc.
I wonder if my friends are safe.
I should seek them out,
but first I want to go back to that strange place when I get my full strength back. Not many people have a chance to see such a special place, you know.
Fortunately for me, with the ^0000FFMorocc restoration work^000000 underway, I shouldn't have a problem making money through some part-time jobs.
I will.
Thank you for saving me.
This is the beauty of adventuring:
making new friends!
I'll be in Morocc for a while, making some money and getting ready for another adventure. I hope I can see you again before I leave.
Do you mean it?
By the gods I'm a lucky bastard!
*Sob*
Then meet me at the ^0000FFDimensional Crack^000000. I need to replenish myself first.
It may take a while for me to get everything packed, so get your other business done in the meantime.
You're early.
(Glancing around surreptitiously)
I hope no one's watching us.
I've hidden the opening to that place: I didn't want anyone to get there before me.
At that time, I was too distracted to remember where the opening was, but I think it's definitely ^0000FFsomewhere on the 2nd floor^000000.
Meet me in front of the ^0000FFHidden Crack^000000. Make sure no one follows you there.
I've ^0000FFcovered the opening with dirt^000000. I hope no one dug it open.
Hm, my mark had better stay where I left it.
- A mound of sand stands awkwardly, looking out of place. -
Whew!
I'm glad you've found me.
Let me clear the dirt...
Be mindful of the opening. It's quite narrow.
Aren't you going in?
- The passage is barely wide enough to contain one person. -
You decided not to enter.
Whoa!
I didn't expect to see so many people.
I'm disappointed that I'm not the first one to discover the place, and am glad that I'm not alone in this dismal place.
I see more of those entities that look sort of like men.
This place might be much more than I thought it was!
Look!
Walking trees!
Grrr-!
HEY!
What the hell do you think you're doing?!
They might kick us out if they know we sneaked in.
Let's do what they ask for now, yeah?
Collecting the plant specimens doesn't sound too difficult. We can split them between us.
^0000FFWhen you collect 25 Sonia stems, meet me by the big rock in the center of this place^000000.
Ooh! (Wincing)
You don't have enough stems.
Get more and take them to Barget.
Let's report to Barget first.
Come on,
hurry over to ^0000FFInstructor Rugen^000000!
Thank the gods, who knew that thing I ate out of hunger would save me?
Let's report to Barget.
Arrgh!
I was the first to come to this place!
Ugh, I'm exhausted.
I understand the urgency, but that doesn't mean I like being bossed around.
You've ruined my precious samples!
I've asked people of your ilk to steer clear of my work zone. Didn't your superiors tell you that?
I haven't even finished the research at the camp, and they dragged me away for yet another burdening project.
I demand an assistant!
Enough with that budget problem!
Argh!
All right.
You two over there!
You must have too much time on your hands, loitering about aimlessly. Make yourself useful and help me collect samples.
You've ruined my existing samples, after all.
First, I want to collect animal specimens.
It's not uncommon to see mutant animals around here. Recently, one of them was confirmed as a ^0000FFcompletely new species^000000.
^0000FFThis new species of insect is called the Firebugs because they're surrounded by flames and live in fire pits like that over there^000000.
Firebugs that crawl out of their pits die soon after.
Please investigate ^0000FF20 fire pits and collect 50 Burning Insect Shells from Firebugs^000000.
Be careful not to burn yourself in the process.
well done!
You finished your task more quickly than I anticipated.
Ouch, HOT!
*Huffing Puffing*
Let me bottle them before they get cold, and send them to the lab.
Now, it's time for plant specimens.
Our target plant is called Sonia, a very primitive type of plant.
At a glance, Sonias look like plastic tubes, but their structure is very minimal.
They're not difficult to gather. Please ^0000FFpick 50 Sonias and bring me 50 stems^000000.
Sonia specimens are the last of my specimen collection. If you happen to ^0000FFsee peculiar Sonias^000000, please don't hesitate to let me know.
Try not to stray too far away from the base. It's too dangerous out there.
Come back safely.
How are you doing with collecting Sonias?
welcome back!
I forgot to tell you ^0000FFnot to go near the rock in the center of this place^000000.
When I realized my mistake, I called a rescue party, so worried for your safety. I'm glad you're back unscathed.
I apologize for being a total jerk.
I was stressed out about my heavy workload.
I still have so many things to do... Sigh...
Tell her about the central rock.
Say WHAT?!
You went there?!
And you came back unscathed? How?
Everyone else who went there ^0000FFfell into a coma due to the noxious gas released from the rock^000000.
What did you do?
This is a great discovery!
Relay what happened.
You ate a Sonia stem.
Okay, I've known the stem is nontoxic, but I haven't finished its substance research yet. Did you experience any side effect?
Wow!
This really is a great discovery!
I'd better get back to the research...
No, we first must ^0000FFtreat those patients who need Sonia stems. Please bring them to me.^000000
^0000FFInstructor Rugen manages them^000000, so you can bring them to him.
Please hand me the document. I'll sign it for you.
I'd better get back to my stem research. I'll ask someone else for assistance.
You lucked out this time. Better not make a habit of eating things off the ground.
Did you see Instructor Rugen?
How did it go?
They worked, didn't they?
I have high hopes for my research.
Your seemingly reckless decision has saved many lives.
With this, we'll soon be able to investigate that ^0000FFsuspicious cave^000000 from the inside out!
What cave?
Oh, the cave that releases the noxious gas.
The gas is ^0000FFso thick in the air, you can't see the cave entrance clearly^000000.
Those who we gave the first batch of the vaccine already left to the cave.
We haven't heard from them yet. I'd like to believe it's a good sign.
If it weren't two of you, I could have pulled all my hair out in frustration.
Good job, you guys!
We don't have time for this!
^0000FFWhen you collect 25 Sonia stems, meet me here^000000.
I don't remember this rock was so big.
Or seeing these strange things around it.
I also smell ^0000FFsmoke^000000.
Again,
I don't remember seeing ^0000FFso many strange animals and plants^000000 either.
These are Sonias, right? They weren't so many before.
If they were, I wouldn't have had to starve.
Sonias were the most delicious and least toxic among all the plants I tried.
I brought a few stems for memories' sake.
- Taste of Sonia -
Its thick, tongue-warming sap fills your mouth with delicious aroma.
Delicious, huh?
I've got only a few left. Let's take turns to gather some more.
Ah...
The floor is dark. Watch your step!
Why were you so reckless?
Is this worth it?
This is just...
How may I help you?
If you're seeking medical assistance, then please describe your symptoms at the reception desk and wait until help arrives.
Give Sonia stems.
These aren't enough.
Could you check the number of your Sonia stems?
Are you serious?
Dr. Tiblack sent you, so I should believe you.
I'll feed these to the patients.
Otto!
Can you see me?
It worked!
The patients are showing remarkable improvements, though they need to stay in bed for now.
I'll feed the stems to the most critical patients, and wait for Dr. Tiblack to finish her research.
I'll give you a report on the patients' responses to the stem. Please bring the report to ^0000FFDr. Tiblack^000000.
I'm glad that the research resulted in our favor.
My comrades are well on their way to a full recovery.
Thank to you.
- You feed him a Sonia stem. The color instantly returns to his face. -
- Talk to Instructor Rugen. -
*Moan*
*Groan*
Aww... Ugh...
I have to go back to my position, this is his order.!
This place is too dangerous. Return to the base, now!
I'll see that no monster sneak into the base.
Sigh, how long do I have to do this?
Don't worry. I'm here to protect you.
We're in the middle of the battlefield. I can't talk for too long.
Please step aside. You're blocking my vision.
If you have time for chit-chat, then kill one more enemy instead.
Bah, I'm cold and hungry... Oh, I was just talking to myself.
Be careful: this place is overrun with dangerous monsters.
For every monster I kill, one or more appear to take its place.
Advance Base Defender: Creature of Depravity, I command you to return to the Netherworld.
Advance Base Defender: Not a step closer to my base, monsters!
Advance Base Defender: Stop right there, monsters! Don't you dare get close to our sanctuary!
Advance Base Defender: Begone, monsters! This land belongs to the Army of Holy Light!
- Cannot progress with the dialogue because you have too many items. -
You look super weak!
Why are you here??
Well, there are not enough people!
But we will wait until you reach level 150.
Please come back later!
Have you noticed it, too?
Yes, the monsters in this area are really quite strange.
They appear to be mutant versions of Midgard monsters
Worse still, their number has been rapidly increasing.
We must keep an eye on them.
To my regret, everyone seems so busy that I can't ask them for help, despite the seriousness of the investigation.
This is not a safe environment.
The environmental characteristics of this area are making the investigation too difficult.
The scenery looks familiar, yet in a way... strange.
The place looks like it's on the verge of utter collapse but.. I can see bursts of vibrant growth.
What is this place?
Like everyone else from a noble background,
I only know how to command others.
Of all those monsters,
^0000FFFire Condors^000000 look most dangerous.
Those birds with burning tails charge headlong toward everyone they see. You may be able to run from them, but you will always get singed.
Do you want me to hunt Fire Condors?
No, I have no one to dispose their carcasses.
My purpose is, after all, an investigation.
Just bring me
15 ^FF0000Burning Feathers^000000
from ^0000FFFire Condors^000000.
You acted as if you'd help me.
Were you messing with me?
Bring me
^FF000015 Burning Feathers^000000
Hurry before more people fall victim to those vicious birds!
I thought you'd be hard at work by now,
gathering ^FF000015 Burning Feathers^000000
from ^0000FFFire Condors^000000,
so I called an emergency meeting of
my investigators.
And you're still in town,
enjoying a leisurely walk.
You brought
all the ^FF000015 Burning Feathers^000000.
Thank you. Now I can
proceed with my investigation.
Most of all, I can finally enjoy the warmth of a fire!
Did you notice the worrisome expression on my face?
That's not the answer I expected,
but I'll continue with the spiel
I've prepared.
A scout hasn't returned
from the Flaming Basin.
I want you to go check
what happened to him.
I know you'll do it anyway!
The scout headed for the area teeming with monsters.
Keep your eyes peeled for him.
Not bad! You guys....
Please eat three bowls of gongs!
I sent you out to look for the scout.
Did you come back or haven't you left at all?
Go look for the scout in the place teeming with monsters!
Did you find the scout?
He's resting and rewriting his scout journal?
He does not disappoint me.
He's a good soldier!
Now that we've found the missing scout,
I want you to move on to the next mission.
You know the number of mysterious monsters
in this Flaming Basin has been continuously increasing.
I know.
Things could quickly go out of control
if they expand to the outside world.
If they encounter other monsters in Midgard or the Other World,
they could go on a rampage,
could spread deadly virus,
could procreate powerful mutants,
or worse.
For now, the best solution would be
a large cull, and I want you to do it.
Please exterminate
20 ^0000FFFire Sandmen^000000
and ^0000FFFire Frilldoras^000000.
I hate to repeat myself,
but like everyone else from a noble background,
Hurry, those monsters are breeding even as we speak.
and 20 ^0000FFFire Frilldoras^000000.
You exterminated
and 20 ^0000FFFire Frilldoras^000000 as I ordered.
Thanks to you we've found an effective wayto deal with the monsters.
From this moment on, my soldiers will take over.
Hurry, those monsters are
multiplying themselves even as we speak.
So leave it to us to take care of this area, and you go ahead and head north.
I want you to do something about that strange group of people over there.
They've appeared out of nowhere.
doing everything they can to pester us.
I was sent to investigate these monsters.
It's unfair that I'm alone
in this dangerous place with no backup!
Argh, I'm just gonna go AWOL!
Welcome!
I'm in dire need of help!
I came here alone on a recon mission.
A horde of monsters surrounded me, keeping me from leaving,
so I had no choice but to hang around.
Stay chilling then.
You're afraid I might ask for help,
I see.
I'm not injured, save a few scrapes,
but ^0000FFFire Sandmen^000000 stole
my ^FF0000scout journal^000000.
Without the ^FF0000scout journal^000000, I can't go back.
I'll be lucky
if my superiors don't court-martial me.
Don't I sound pitiful?
Doesn't it inspire you to help me?
Neh.
All right, then I'll just have to
stay here and chill until help arrives.
Okay, here's what you can do to help:
Please bring ^FF0000Scout Journals^000000
from ^0000FFFire Sandmen^000000.
The journal could have been separated into pages, snapped at by those feral monsters.
I don't care; I still need them to show to my superiors.
Please bring me
20 ^FF0000Scout Journals^000000.
Be careful--they can ambush you and snatch away ^FF0000Scout Journals^000000 before you know it.
Please bring 20 ^FF0000Scout Journals^000000
Did you already find
20 ^FF0000Scout Journals^000000?
If I knew you're so fast, I would have asked you for 100 pages instead.
My wounds are throbbing from the thought of punishment
that might await me at the base.
I'll follow you as soon as I'm done reorganizing these pages.
Please report to the Investigator
and put in a good word
for me.
You have been ambushed by Fire Sandmen!
Finally, doomsday has come!
Destruction is a blessing!
Guide us to the inside!
We're chosen by the gods!
The day when the destruction of the world begins.
Blood for the blood go~~
I mean destruction is good!
Destruction! Is! A! Blessing!
Destruction! Blessing!
We are the chosen ones!
The day when the destruction of the world begins,
The gun is good!
The HODE is evil!
We serve the God of Destruction!
He oversees the destruction of everything--from the destruction of a star to that of an entire galaxy,
and from the spoilage of my breakfast to that of my dinner.
We're the Doom Prayers!
We serve the God of Destruction,
and pray to him to bless us with the end of the world.
Only after everything else is destroyed,
we can be truly blessed.
Those sudden cracks
in the ground.
Those talking Cats.
Those green giants.
They prove the end is near!
Oh, doomsday has arrived!
No, we won't!
Finally, doomsday has arrived!
We've been dying for the blessing!
I want to be there before everyone else!
Hell no, we won't go!
Let us in there!
We've been chosen by the God of Destruction.
Unlike you, we're invincible!
Can you prove it?
How dare you challenge me?!
All right, I'll prove it to you!
Search this Doomsland and find ^FF000040 Blessing Stones^000000.
Throw them at us, and you'll see.
The moment they hit our bodies,
they'll turn into flower petals with a loud pop!
Doomsland?
That's what those crazy people call this Flaming Basin.
And what they call ^FF0000Blessing Stones^000000 are simply the debris fell off ^0000FFFire Golems^000000.
The only way to send away these crazy people must be prove them they're wrong.
Do you want to hunt ^0000FFFire Golems^000000
and collect 40 ^FF0000Blessing Stones^000000?
I see you're afraid of witnessing the grace of our god lest that might change your mind.
Stop bothering me and scram!
Go ahead, bring ^FF0000Blessing Stones^000000 and throw them at us!
You'll see those stones turning into falling flower petals!
Then you'll cry and beg me to let you join us.
The moment they hit our bodies, they'll turn into flower petals with a loud pop!
Hunt ^0000FFFire Golems^000000 and collect 40 ^FF0000Blessing Stones^000000.
You brought 40 ^FF0000Blessing Stones^000000.
Okay, we're ready.
Throw the stones at us!
Be prepared for the miracle!
Come on, hit us hard!
*Whiz*
*WHIZZ*
Yelp!
Ouch! Geez!
Kyaah-!
Aww! Err!
That hurts!
That hurts like hell!
STOP! Stop hitting me in the face!
Instead of turning into flower petals, the stones inflicted immense pain on those who got hit.
You decided to stop throwing the stones.
My head!
Aww! Kyaaooh-!
My nose!
Kyaah-! Kyaarrr-!
Hurt!
Hurt like hell!
I wasn't ready!
Stop! Let's do over!
Brothers and sisters, calm down!
That heretic has fooled us with the wrong stones!
I knew it!
Boo!
You're a coward!
I command you again.
Bring the blood of the monsters that roam Doomsland.
I shall drink it and levitate to guide you all to the true faith!
He means the ^FF0000Monster Bloods^000000
from ^0000FFFire Frilldoras^000000 and and ^0000FFFire Sandmen^000000.
I presume 30 bottles should suffice.
I knew you'd say yes!
I can sense your fear about the possibility of witnessing the grace of the God of Destruction.
Now go bring me Monster Bloods!
Hunt those heinous ^0000FFFire Frilldoras^000000 and and ^0000FFFire Sandmen^000000, and bring me 30 ^FF0000Monster Bloods^000000.
This is a perilous task.
I'll understand if you want to run.
If you really want to do this against my advice, then do as you wish.
You must have too much time on your hands, heretic: you really brought all the ^FF0000Monster Bloods^000000.
Lo and behold!
I'll drink this and levitate myself with its power!
*Gulp Gulp*
*Slosh Slosh*
*Guzzle Guzzle*
*Burp*
*Rumble*
The color drains from his face.
You catch a whiff of what smells like diarrhea.
His lips thin in silent embarrassment.
Enveloped in a cloud of vile stink, he remains silent.
His second-in-command is angrily pointing his finger at you.
You should talk to him.
Sigh, the world hasn't ended, again.
What I wouldn't give to go back home now and change to some fresh underwear...
I'll wait for the next natural disaster and gather more followers to call forth the God of Destruction!
Thanks to you, though, that whether accident has shocked everyone and put them in their place.
My followers have been doubting their faith in me, and haven't paid their memberships for months.
I should reward you for your help.
I hope you'll come to our next gathering and work your whether miracle again.
Thanks to you, that whether accident has shocked everyone and put them in their place.
Doom Prayers!
Pray Harder!
Doom Prayers, don't panic! Stay calm!
Soon the judgment will begin and we'll be blessed.
We'll want for nothing!
Let's pray together and raise the Blessing Gate!
Oh, I see a light!
If only I can hold 30 ^FF0000Fire Golem's Stone Teeth^000000 and 30 ^FF0000Fire Frilldora's Napes^000000 in my hands!
The tall Blessing Gate will appear itself before us, wide open for us!
Doom Prayers, charge forward, break everything in your path, and fearlessly swing your bare hands at those dangerous monsters!
Bring me 30 ^FF0000Fire Golem's Stone Teeth^000000 and 30 ^FF0000Fire Frilldora's Napes^000000.
Listen up, Doom Prayers!
That heartless heretic couldn't care less about us.
What a relief!
Now, hunt those heinous monsters with your bare hands and get me the materials!
Don't be afraid if you can't fight even Porings;
I know in your mind, you're as strong as Baphomet!
All right, Doom Prayers!
Let's give this heretic one more chance at the blessing!
Now go bring me 30 ^FF0000Fire Golem's Stone Teeth^000000 and 30 ^FF0000Fire Frilldora's Napes^000000.
Oh Doom Prayers, be joyous--finally we have all the materials!
It really is the end of the world!
We're going to die! Kyaah-!
Whether the God of Destruction really exists or not, this small group of fanatics aren't as special as they'd like to believe.
You should talk to Doom Prayers Leader again.
Aww... I'm scared...
I could have run already if only I were alone.
This is just too scary. I'm gonna cry a little more...
This area is dangerous.
Please refrain from exploring it alone.
Aww, scary!
I really want to go home!
How terrifying!
I'm gonna run first chance I get!
I've relinquished everything I had to the Leader, but for what?!
Maybe I didn't pray hard enough.
*Wail*
Argh, I'm scared!
Err, I'm scared!
I shouldn't have come!
I hate the Leader!
I can't believe the Leader anymore!
I'll probably make a better leader than him!
So scary, I'm gonna wet my pants!
This is all too terrifying...
Maybe my faith isn't deep enough...
I'd better offer more money!
Oh, God of Destruction!
Let your wrath fall unto this world!
Let me be the sole benefactor of your blessing!
Please enter the timer.
Timer in pause.
Restart the clock.
Clock initialized.
Cough!
What do you want?
Speak out loud!
Done!
# (wrote 1130 new, 4 duplicates skipped)

# === illusion (2980 strings) ===
Mm, I have a feeling something suspicious is about to happen.
I wish you were stronger. Then, I would've been able to tell you about it.
^4D4DFFYou must be Level 100 or above to perform this quest.^000000
This matter is out of our hands now.
We can't let it keep happening like this.
Let's wait for ^0000FFMuyeon^000000 now.
Her safety is more important than anything else.
Excuse me.
Hm? You're an adventurer.
Did you happen to hear our conversation?
Maybe it's faith that you overheard us.
There's a cave near the Archer Village in the back of Payon.
It's a haunted cave, so we've been preforming rituals and exorcism there regularly.
But the Nine-tailed foxes spirits are more enraged than we thought.
Every time someone tries to preform a ritual to the fox beads, they get nightmares.
It's as if the spirits were antagonized by them.
And this time, she's completely lost her mind and entered the cave.
That's why we're worried about her.
Is it about Muyeon?
Maybe we should send someone else.
Yes. She's the Soul Linker who performs the ritual regularly.
We've asked a soldier to find her.
They must be near the cave by now.
Could you go check up ^0000FFMuyeon^000000 for us?
Yes. could you?
Sure, I will
Sorry, I'm afraid of ghost.
Huh? We didn't say anything about ghost. Or did we?
I hope the soldier will find her before she goes deep inside the ruined village.
Please go to the cave and see if Muyeon and the soldier are outside already.
A young scholar followed the soldier, but she doesn't seem reliable at all.
Talk to the scholar, maybe he could give you an information on the situation.
I hope everything will be okay.
Huh? I was talking about the cave in the back.
I'm worried about what's happening there.
Seeing that you're an adventurer, I assume you're familiar with the ^0000FFPayon Cave^000000.
Be careful, something bad is happening inside.
^0000FFYou must be Level 100 or above to perform this quest.
Please go to the cave's entrance in the Archer Village.
Ask the young scholar there about Muyeon's whereabouts.
Maybe it's time we leave things to the younger generations.
There is nothing we old folk could do.
Why aren't they coming out already...
Why are they still not coming out...
Ah, today must be my lucky day!
An adventurer showed up, just when I needed one!
I've heard adventurers do many things for others. Is that true?
It is, but I'm pretty busy for now.
Decline.
...Oh, I see.
You must be busy.
I'm sorry I bothered you.
By the way, what brings you here?
Have you seen someone named Muyeon?
Muyeon? Do you mean Muyeon the Soul Linker?
Well, technically, she's still an apprentice, but that's not important.
I'm waiting for her right now.
She ran into the cave, as if she was possessed by something.
Junghee? I mean, a soldier followed her in, but neither of them came out yet.
I was debating if I should go after them.
I hope nothing bad happens to those two.
There they are! They look fine!
Ugh, I don't want to train anymore!
Chunghae, what are you doing out here?
I was worried about you..
You were worried about me, but this is as far you were willing to follow me?
Forget it. No matter how miserable I am, I don't need your help!
Now, that's enough.
Th-this is unfair...
Bye!
Ah, I'm not going to do this anymore. Tell that to the old geezers!
Sigh. I'll go after her. Talk to the Elders, will you?
That's....!
She left without telling us what happened.
Ah, Junghee!
By the way adventurer, weren't you looking for Muyeon?
I guess I have to leave now.
Muyeon must have gone to the ^0000CDDetached Payon Palace.^000000
I'm going there do you want to come with me?
Go with him.
Go separately.
Why don't you go talk to her?
I'll talk to the Elders.
Then let's go to the ^0000CDDetached Payon Palace.^000000
Legend says a nine-tailed fox gained enlightment and became a sacred creature, and that Moonlight Flowers have descended from her.  I think it's a story worth looking into.
Let's go investigate the ruined village!
Would you like to come with me?
I'll call Junghee, and we'll follow you soon.
Let's go!
- You're carrying too many items to proceed with this quest. -
If you're looking for the teacher, she's in the other room.
Whatever you say, I'm not doing it anymore.
This is the third time I had nightmares. I can't take it anymore!
What nightmares?
Nightmares about about the foxes? Nine tails and Moonlight flowers?
Those nightmares are just too horrifying. I don't want to experience it anymore.
But we have no one else left to perform the ritual.
Everyone gave up after the first try. You did it three times.
Elder Jaegyom, nightmares weren't the only thing occurred to me this time.
It was different from the other two times I performed the ritual.
How different?
It felt as if the nightmares is happening in reality.
What do you mean? You were only trying to give peace to the angered spirits of the nine tailed foxes.
What did you see in the cave?
I can't explain what I saw. You have to see it to believe it.
We need someone strong to go in there, like that adventurer over there, should go in the cave.
Okay, I'll tell you the story.
The Payon Cave is used to be a part of a village that was buried under a landslide.
As you can guess many people were buried with it, and their spirits are hunting the cave.
Some of them were the nine-tailed foxes. The foxes anger is beyond normal.
That's the reason we have been performing a ritual in regular basis.
But now the problem is,
The foxes spirits are getting more resentful by time, and no one knows the reason why.
Maybe the ritual is the reason they are angry, it's not working as we hoped it would.
And, every time I performed the ritual, I had nightmares about the resentful spirits and wailing nine-tailed foxes.
Soul Linkers communicates with the spirits for a living, Having nightmares is just occurs normally.
So when my first nightmare occurred, I thought it was under the same boat as the others.
But now I know the difference, It also has nothing to do with my health.
Whatever it is the reason that agitates the spirits of the nine-tailed foxes.
It drove me from sanity and sent me going to the ruined village.
And, I saw something.
It's an image of another world, different from ours.
We must shut that place down, so no one will be able to access it.
I have an uneasy feeling that a dreadful is going to take place.
Or maybe it's already taking place..
The vague image I saw is indistinguishable from hell.
I saw it after the last ritual that I did.
I beg of you, don't ask me to return doing that again.
I'm not mentally strong enough to handle such nightmares.
Much less on what's taking place inside the cave.
If you want to go, you'll have to go alone and see it for yourself.
I still carry the fox bead that I tried to purify. Let me know when you are ready.
Are you ready?
Not yet.
Okay, this fox bead is not completely purged yet.
Place it in your hand.
Relax... and focus your mind on it ... open your mind to its energy.
Wandering souls, listen and behold!
Look at the other side of the Netherworld River.
Poor souls, cover your eyes and block your ears.
Die!
Leave this realm.
Unload your burden.
DIE!!!
Fly to the other side of the river.
DIEEE!
Now you know what I've been through.
If you want to look further into this, you'll have to visit the ruined village.
If you decide to do it, it'll make you one of us, very ecstatic. Probably because he is a fool.
So They've come true.
You don't know why, do you?
Maybe it's because the walls between reality and dreams have collapsed.
Otherwise, how could you go in and out of someone else's dream?
I know they're ^0000FFdreamt by the Moonlight Flowers.^000000
I don't know how they've become reality. I doubt anyone knows, really.
As far as I remember, nothing like this has ever happened before. If we want to figure this out, we're on our own.
Well, I'll let Chunghae figure it out.
Alright, then I'd better go get some rest.
Now that I know that those nightmares really originated from Moonlight Flowers, I feel better.
I can sleep at last.
We won't need more rituals once we deal with the nightmares.
Does this mean I'm free? Free at last!
I don't even know how to thank you.
I've found this strange stones while I was there. It's not much,
but maybe you can find an use for those?
Thank you so much adventurer.
Good luck investigating the phenomenon with Chunghae!
Once the nightmares are gone, we won't need to perform the ritual anymore!
How can I be sure, you ask?
I'm not sure. Heh heh.
They might not go away completely.
Who knows?
Muyeon... If you can't do it, no one else can!
Let's listen for now.
We should grasp the situation first.
It'll be great if you can help us, Adventurer.
The Moonlight Flower are recreating the past in their nightmares.
In a way, they're also victims.
I'll make sure no villagers gets close to the collapsed walls of reality and dreams.
Please observe proper manners inside the palace.
Payon is home for sacred creatures since ancient times.
A town isolated from the world by the mountains, the people of Payon way of thinking is different from the outside.
Muyeon is really upset. We should ask her what happened.
We should ask Muyeon what happened.
This is terrible.
I can't belive Muyeon had to deal with it on her own.
Those foxes must be angrier than I thought.
We need to look into this further. I'd better go to the ruined village.
I'm going to stay in the ruined village and investigate this phenomenon.
But I'll need some form of protection. I'm going to take Junghee with me.
It'd be great if you join us again. See you at the ruined village.
- The air is brimming with strange energy. -
It's giving me an anxiety feeling.
There's a shimmering portal in the air.
*Panting* You're here.
I was alarmed when you suddenly disappeared.
Do you think this is one of the nightmares that Muyeon...
I'll have to figure that out.
Me? What if I don't want to?
Then, do you mind if I tag along?
You don't have to worry about me. Junghee can keep me safe.
D-Don't touch anything!
Then... should I touch this?
Arghhhhh-!
Chunghae!
That careless klutz!
There is something on the other side of the shimmering portal.
What should I do?
Enter the portal.
Quit.
Quit investigating.
I can go back to the ruined village.
Exit.
Do not exit.
Look at this place!
It looks exactly like the ruined village we were in a moments ago, and yet... it's different!
Also, there's something off about people and foxes here, and I saw a strange-looking mage among them.
What if he's responsible for this incident.
These foxes, villagers, and angry spirits...
They reminded me of the time when the village was buried under landslide.
We need to look around for more clues.
You'll help, won't you?
Now I know this is not the ruined village.
Are we really inside a Moonlight Flower's nightmare?
That's what Muyeon said.
Their nightmares are coming true.
This place is a worth of a serious study.
Let's begin our investigation for the day, shall we?
Maybe it's because this is a dream, but nothing about it has changed.
I've talked to the villagers,
and many of them told me about some strange mage.
They said he casts powerful spells wherever he goes, and it was one of his spells that shook the ground and caused the fatal landslide. As a result, a lot of the villagers and foxes died.
I'm convinced that the mage is responsible for these rampant nightmares.
Maybe the nightmares would stop materializing if we get rid of their cause.
Of course, I could be wrong.
He could just be another character in the nightmares.
I want to know more than anything what tore the walls between reality and dreams.
Maybe this is even happening in other places too?
Anyway, please take care of the ^0000FFWizard of the Truth^000000 in this place.
It's time we deal with this quasi-reality.
He is pretty formidable. I wouldn't recommend ^0000FFfight him alone.^000000
Will do.
No, thanks.
Err, then I'll have to investigate something else.
But I won't resent you for this. I promise.
That wizard looks pretty strong.
That ^0000CDenlightened mage^000000 looks dangerous.
Please stop him.
You're as experienced as I've heard.
Now, let's see how this affects the situation.
Remember what Muyeon said?
About the foxes' nightmares coming true, I mean.
I was thinking while looking around.
I think it's possible we're inside a Moonlight Flower's dream.
I don't know how it has been connected to reality,
but I'm certain of one thing:
The spirits of the Moonlight Flowers are still living in the past.
Back when their village was buried..
They died such a horrible death that they're unable to move on to the Netherworld.
And something has ignited their pent-up anger.
Here, there are truths that we cannot find anywhere else.
I guess I'll be staying here until I find them all.
Please deliver the news to Muyeon in the Detached Payon Palace.
Junghee and I will explore this place further.
I hope we can find an answer to this phenomenon.
I knew coming in that I'd better stay close to Chunghae.
I'm sensing really bad vibes from these foxes and ghosts.
This is not good.
It doesn't matter if they're real or not. They're just as threatening.
Good Job.
Chunghae's almost done investigating this place. I'd better get ready to leave.
It doesn't matter if they're real or not.
I can symphatize with the soldier.
All he wanted to do was protect others, and he died without fulfilling that wish.
Thank you for helping them rest.
There's another portal that looks just like the one we came through.
I touched it, and it sent me back to the original ruined village.
Chunghae is having a problem investigating this place because of the angry foxes.
I'll appreciate if you can take care of them.
Please hunt the ^0000FFAngry Nine Tails^000000 around this place.
That'll ensure Chunghae's safety during his investigation.
Chunghae said we're inside a Moonlight Flower's nightmare.
They may not be real, but if they pose any threat to the living, then they must be taken care of.
And that has nothing to do with the symphathy I feel for them.
Now if you'll excuse me, Chunghae and I'll go investigate other places.
Did you get some rest?
Everything's just the same as when you left it, but I want to clear this place,
so Chunghae can investigate it.
Could you hunt some ^4d4dffAngry Nine Tails^000000?
Then Chunghae won't be able to fully investigate this place.
I understand why those ^0000FFfoxes are angry^000000, but this has to be done.
These soldiers tried to protect their villagers until the last moment,
and got buried with them. No wonder they're so angry.
Please take care of the ^0000FFAngry Soldiers^000000 in this place.
I mean... send them to Heaven.
If we're really inside Moonlight Flower's nightmare, like Chunghae thinks,
then the angry soldier over there must have been the guard of this village.
It doesn't matter if this is real or not. Watching my ancestors suffer is difficult.
I may end up wasting our time, but I want to try to help them rest.
What can we do to get rid of these nightmares?
I told you it's difficult for me to look at those soldiers without feeling pain.
Would you be so kind as to put them to rest for me?
I really don't want to deal with them myself,
but I guess I'll have to.
I'll leave the ^0000FFAngry Soldiers^000000 to you.
Please send them to heaven.
Adventurer?
Are you with the subjugation party?
Why can't you just leave us alone?
We don't worship monsters.
We're not enthralled by monsters!
The light... The magic... Please stop that magic...
Ah... Ah... Aaahhh...
Ahhh... Ahhhhh!!
Something is not right!
Stop it... It's coming, agh!!
Are you here to subjugate us?!
We've done nothing wrong!
Can't you tell from the sacred creatures!
Ah... The fox lady...
H-help!! I don't want to die!
You...
Who's that strange mage?
Why do you...?
You! You're no better than them!
What have we done to you?
Arrgghh-!
Are you sure you can carry all that stuff? Why don't you lighten your bag?
Mm, you're an adventurer. What brings you to me? I'm sorry, I'm kind of busy. Could you talk to the priest over there instead?
The notebook... I want to see the notebook... If you want to enter the notebook, then you should talk to Father Grimm. If you want, I can go with you.
Hello, Adventurer.
Oh, I'm sorry, but I can't talk right now. I'm too busy examining the things you brought to me.
Could you come back after dawn?
Hello, Adventurer. How are you?
Whew, I stayed up all night examining the Dried Yggdrasil Leaves and the Suspicious Pentacles. I wouldn't have to, if Father Grimm left me alone.
Anyway they're so old and poorly preserved that they easily crumble to dust. I couldn't finish my research.
So I'm thinking... Could you bring me some more today? I need ^0000cd10 Dried Yggdrasil Leaves and 10 Suspicious Pentacles^000000.
Also, please hunt 5 zombies of each kind for that nagging priest.
In the meantime I'll catch some Z's.
Adventurer, how did you feel when you touched the notebook? How do you think it works?
I've got so many questions, but that mean priest wouldn't let me touch it.
Adventurer, could you take me with you the next time you enter the notebook? I swear I'm not going to steal the notebook. I'm just really curious about it.
I can hear you. Give up your obsession with it. That would be best for you.
Who says I'm obsessed with it?
Adventurer, please? Don't I look pitiful?
Sorry, but I don't want to get between you two. You both have a point, and I can't side with either one of you.
Hmpf, alright, but if you ever feel pity for me, then come back and help me. Promise?
About those walking corpses, of course!
I really want to know what keeps them moving, what kind of experiments my predecessors did on them, and what kind of state they're in.
Such experiments are prohibited now, and all the old records were destroyed.
They were destroyed for good reason. So stop wondering about them.
Oh, that's right! Adventurer, could you capture a zombie for me? Alive, that is.
Wait, it can't be alive. It's already dead.
No. Don't even think about it. Mojo, you're so close to crossing the line.
I wasn't asking you! Unless you're going to let me touch the notebook, stay out of my hair!
You just asked this adventurer to capture a zombie alive.
You're not thinking about what kind of danger it might pose when it arrives here. You just want it because you're curious about it.
Did you forget why Brother Jojo wanted you to stay here and stay away from the notebook?
So I'm asking this adventurer. You keep telling me don't do this, don't do that. Is there anything I can do without you saying no?
You just want me to stand here, breathing. Is that it?
Sure, why not?
You can't bring anything from the world inside the book. If you do, I'll get rid of them.
If you really want to experiment on those blasphemous creatures, then I suggest you talk with Brother Jojo and the others first.
When are they coming back?
Beats me.
You should've become a politician. You would've been more successful at that.
I'll take that as a compliment.
Adventurer, I read in the notebook that the owner used some materials to experiment on zombies. I think they're Yggdrasil leaves and some drawings.
You mean dried Yggdrasil leaves and some pentacles.
Yes. Could you at least procure them for me?
Maybe I can use them to figure out the experiment she did and the force that reanimates the dead.
Secretly from that priest, of course.
I still can hear you.
Stop eavesdropping on people.
Why are you obsessed with this? Do you really want to let these unholy creature loose on the continent? Do you not understand why the Tower has banned the experiments?
Look, I'm not going to experiment on the zombies. I just want to take a look at the materials she used.
And who knows? I might find out a way to exterminate these zombies at once.
I may not look it, but I'm pretty smart.
You agreed that our enthusiasm for magic has contributed to the development of our country.
I'll take that as a yes.
I promise I'm not going to do anything dangerous. I'll just take a look at the materials.
I'm going to watch you.
Sure, be my guest.
Ooh, I'm going to be studying with you breathing down my neck, how exciting!
And you will stop asking me for this notebook, yes?
Huh? But that's... I'd love to take a look at it.
Do you think you can?
Maybe one day, yes.
I swear to Odin that day will never come.
Bah!
So have you come to an agreement?
Yes, we have. Please bring me some dried Yggdrasil leaves and pentacles. 10 for each sounds good.
Are you sure that's enough?
Mm, I'm not sure yet. Do you mind if I ask you for more later? Okay, then please bring me ^0000cd10 Dried Yggdrasil Leaves and 10 Suspicious Pentacles^000000.
Oh, and while you're at it, could you hunt some zombies for that scowling priest as well? Just 5 of each kind. I don't want to burden you.
You're already burdening him.
Yeah, but look at you, your face lit up when I offered.
Adventurer, thank you for doing this for us.
Adventurer, welcome back! I've been waiting for you for so long! Did you bring the things I asked? Come on, let me see them!
Wow, these are so old and fragile, I'm afraid they might crumble in my hands.
Are you happy now? They don't look any different from the ones you're using, though.
You priests are the least curious kind I know. I asked for these because I wanted to compare them to the ones I have, and it takes a keen eye to catch minute differences.
Adventurer, could you bring me some more tomorrow? I'm worried I might end up damaging all these you brought today. Even if I don't, I can always use more samples.
Thank you so much. See you tomorrow!
Mm, this isn't enough. Please bring me ^0000cd10 Dried Yggdrasil Leaves and 10 Suspicious Pentacles^000000.
Also, could you hunt 5 zombies of each kind for that scowling priest over there? Thanks!
This place is too dangerous for you. Pleae come back when you're stronger.
Just let me read it. I'll go bring them out afterward. Please?
Please?
Just leave me alone! I know you're going to run away with it if I give it to you.
I swear I'll give it back to you. Just for one minute. How about thirty seconds? Ten seconds, then?
No! I'm not even going to let you touch it!
Come on, it's me, Mojo. Don't you trust me?
No, I don't. I may trust Mojo, my sister in faith, but not Mojo, the mage.
Oh, come on! You're a priest? You're supposed to have faith in everyone! Why are you treating me like a thief?
Boohoo! Oh, God! I'm being treated so unfairly!
I only have faith in Him, and He's telling me not to trust you.
He's still whispering that to me.
I'm not hearing anything!
Of course not. Only His servants can hear him.
Wow, I smell lies and it's coming from your mouth.
That's blasphemy!
Would you be so kind as to heal me?
He's such a hypocrite. I can never trust priests again, and it's his fault.
Thank you. I'm sorry, but I've heard you fighting, even from that far corner of this dungeon.
You have? We must have been really loud. I suppose that wasn't very smart of us.
Oh, this is great! Instead of fighting, why don't we ask this adventurer who is right?
Adventurer, if you're not busy, would you hear us out?
If you're busy, we'll understand.
I see. It's a shame that you can't seize on such a great opportunity.
Please feel free to come back if you change your mind.
Let me hear it.
Okay, this is going to be a long story. Let me have some water first.
Adventurer, did you know these catacombs under Geffen once were quiet and filled with special energy instead of monsters?
Back then, only a couple of monsters showed up once every decade or so.
What changed that?
*Glances at Mojo*
Why are you looking at me?
I had nothing to do with it.
Some mages decided to erect an ivory tower of their own. They searched everywhere in the continent and settled on the ground above these catacombs.
That was the beginning of the tragedy.
Oh geez, here it goes again.
It's been said all mammals have curiosity that rivals their appetite, but mages... are the worst. 
Enough with the lecturing. Get to the point already.
Everything has a cause and effect. How can you expect the adventurer to understand what this is about without knowing the cause?
Anyway, these mages, after they built the Geffen Tower, took notice of the blasphemous creatures that sometimes appeared in the catacombs.
They conducted various experiments to understand the special energy that reanimated the dead.
They were just studying.
Just studying? They could've turned the entire continent into an unholy breeding ground!
And as if that wasn't enough, those mages used their magic and replicated the reanimating process.
That went horribly wrong. The special energy that surrounded the catacombs exploded, bringing back all the dead buried in them.
Those arrogant mages crossed the line! They tried to play God!
Hey, I'm one of them, and I'm not going to let you talk bad about my predecessors like that!
How am I defaming them when I'm only telling the truth?
It's not telling the truth when you're only telling it from your point of view!
What do you think, Adventurer? Would you trust someone so reckless with important tasks?
...No.
But wait, Adventurer. You haven't heard my side of the story.
You've got to listen to both sides before you judge!
We understand the things that we want to study can be dangerous, so we try our best to be careful.
Apparently, trying your best wasn't enough in this case.
Why are you saying that? I'm talking about my predecessors!
My predecessors may have been too enthusiastic to study what's underneath their tower, but it was that enthusiasm that made Geffen grow into the city of magic that it is.
Rune-Midgarts is flanked by Arunafeltz and Schwarzwald, the two strongest nations of the continent, and its magic power is what keeps them at bay.
And that's the only reason that kept the Church from further pressing this matter,
even though it doesn't change the fact that you woke the dead.
Father Grimm, could you stop cutting in?
I can't. You're twisting the facts to make yourself look good.
Curiosity is what fuels our life. It's the seed of development. Adventurer, would you hesitate to go to a new world because it's dangerous?
I wouldn't be an adventurer if I did.
We mages are just like you adventurers in that sense. I knew you'd understand me.
You heard that, Father Grimm. Now show me the notebook.
No. Adventurer, you agreed with me that she's not trustworthy.
You also agreed with me on the value of curiosity.
So, what is this about?
I've heard both of you, but neither of you told me what you were fighting for.
Oh, I'm sorry. The Church of Rune-Midgarts periodically sends its priests out to these catacombs to maintain peace.
I'm one of them, and I happened to pick up a ^0000cdnotebook^000000 just before you found us.
A notebook?
Yes. It looks like it belongs to one of the Geffen Tower mages. It has ^0000cdBomi^000000 written on its cover, which I think is the name of its owner.
But none of my guildsmen has such a name. I read the book, and she did sound like she was one of us. ^0000cdNot anymore^000000, though.
Not anymore?
You're pretty sharp, Adventurer. That's right. I checked with my guild and found out there was someone named Bomi. She just disappeared one day, though.
And that was a long, long time ago.
Do you think this notebook belongs to her? But why was it here?
That was the same question we asked at first. That didn't matter anymore once we read what was written in the book.
What's written in it is unsettling, but what's more serious is? You'll have to read it yourself. Just don't open the ^0000cdlast page^000000.
So you're okay with this adventurer reading it, but not me.
You know that's discrimination, right? You should be ashamed of yourself!
Please take a look.
I placed my hand on the book Father Grimm was holding. Suddenly I felt dizzy as the air around me shimmered. Carefully, I opened the notebook.
I fainted in the middle of learning a new spell, again.
My low stamina and insufficient mana are always the problem. I thought I could make up for my weak constitution with magic. Of course, even that required some minimal stamina, but I didn't have even that.
I'm too tired...
I saw Sophia drinking a mana potion. Maybe potions are the answer to my never-ending search for physical support. 
I wonder if there are special potions that could improve me physically. Then, I could become stronger at last.
All the potions I found didn't help improve my weak constitution. All they do is boost strength that's already there.
Maybe I should try to formulate stamina and mana potions on my own.
I learned about the catacombs under the Geffen Tower while I was in the library, reading about the tower's history.
How are the dead reanimated? What kind of vital force keeps them moving?
I need permission to enter the catacombs. I'm going to check them tomorrow.
The dead don't talk. There's nothing I can find out from them.
I've found traces of experiments everywhere. Some of my peers must have been here before I have.
I'm especially tired today. I'm going to bed early tonight.
The bats in the catacombs drink blood from the zombies, probably because there's nothing else to eat.
Every day, I spend most of my energy keeping the bloodthirsty bats at bay. I'd get killed if I didn't stay near the exit.
I'm tired.
Today, I heard some strange noise in the catacombs. The zombies and bats were strangely quiet.
Maybe I should explore deeper into the catacombs tomorrow, while the monsters hide from whatever that noise is.
That was the last entry. I took my hand off the notebook. Father Grimm closed the notebook.
This is notebook is both ^0000cda diary and research journal^000000.
Indeed. It shows how its owner studied those blasphemous creatures to ^0000cdcreate stamina and mana enhancers^000000.
Interesting.
Yes, it is. My guild would love to study this notebook. Most records from the same era have been lost.
I'd love to read it myself as well.
The content of this notebook isn't what causes me alarm. Didn't you detect some ^0000cdstrange energy^000000 when you touch it?
This book is sustained with its owner's spiritual energy, and it's pulling those who gaze upon it into ^0000cdthe world inside it^000000.
And that's why I want to see the notebook so badly. I want to know how it contains a world inside it and why it was only discovered now.
So please let me have it. I'll give it back to you after I figure that all out.
Mage, you stay out of this! This notebook is taking people to some place we don't know. And the gateway is in the last page.
Oh, you don't even bother calling me by name anymore.
I scanned it for any malicious intent, but I didn't sense any. I think its owner just ^0000cdneeds help with some unfinished business^000000.
So were you arguing about which one of you should go to that place?
No. The other members of my group and two mages are already there. They just haven't returned.
So I told you, I'll go bring them back. I'm stronger than I look. I can do this on my own.
No. I'd rather wait until they return.
How about I go?
You? Well, you're more reliable than this sister here, but are you sure?
I want to repay you for healing me. Also, after listening to you both, I think it's better I go. Do you want me to go bring back your colleagues?
No. I just want you to ^0000cdfind them^000000 and make sure they're okay. If they need help, please provide it to them. If they have a message for me, then please let me know.
Take me with you!
I wish I could go with you, but my group needs me here.
Why are you staring at me?
I can't trust her with the notebook. If something happens to it, the people inside it might not be able to come back.
This does it! Father Grimm, put that book down. Let's fight!
*Snort* Why would I do that? You're just going to run away with it.
Then I'm going to go with the Adventurer!
No. You're staying with me. Don't you dare touch the book.
Why are you doing this to me? What have I done to you?
Brother Jojo asked me to never let you touch the book. Do you not remember that?
He was really worried about you.
No, I don't remember. When Sister Gem returns, I'm going to tell on you!
Go ahead.
Now, Adventurer. Let me know when you're ready.
Do you want to enter the notebook? Are you ready?
Not a problem. Just let me know when you are ready.
Then, let me open it.
I placed my hand on the notebook, and Father Grimm opened it to the last page. Suddenly, my vision got blurry as I felt my body being transported to some place.
Listen to me, or you can always go back to the Tower.
No!
Are you two still fighting?
Ah, there you are! How was that place?
I'm glad you came back safely. Is everyone in there okay?
Please tell us already. I'm dying to know!
I relayed what happened in the notebook to Father Grimm and Mojo, and told them that the others decided to stay to keep an eye on the vampires.
Wow, the same place in another plane of existence! I've never heard of this before! How does it work? This notebook has got to have something to do with it.
And vampires who understand humans? My goodness!
I can't stay here. Father Grimm, I have to go in there. Let me go, please!
Let me have the notebook.
No. Never. Keep your hands to yourself.
Argh! Why are you being so stubborn? I don't deserve this!
Adventurer, thank you for venturing into that mysterious place for us. It'll be greatly appreciated if you visit my colleagues there and bring news from them to me sometimes.
I can do that too, you know. You just have to give me a chance!
Sister Mojo, please stay out of this.
Adventurer, thank you. Feel free to come to me if you want to ^0000cdenter the notebook again^000000.
Adventurer, do you want to enter the notebook?
Do you want to leave?
I see. Just let me know when you want to leave.
So, you're in a hurry to leave. Did something happen?
Sister Gem, please listen to me!
I'm worried about those two. They should be fine, right?
Have you found Jojo? Where is he? Jubilee has left to treat his wounds.
This place has so many things I want to study, I don't know where to begin. Oh my, look at that Nightmare!
Adventurer, I don't want you to strain yourself. Why don't you go get some rest?
Have a good night's sleep, and come back after dawn.
Adventurer. Did you have good dreams last night? I had nightmares, probably from looking at those manes all day.
But I'm not about to give up!
Please bring me ^0000cd20 Wavy Manes^000000 as usual.
Oh, and it'll be great if you also can get rid of ^0000cd10 Sweet Nightmares^000000. I want to know how that'll affect dreams. Thank you!
Adventurer, can I talk to you for a second? I want your opinion on something.
Oh, are you? No problem. I can wait until you have some time for me.
You've seen those Nightmares and Drainliars, right? Did you notice how they look different from the kinds outside this place? Why do you think that is?
I don't know.
Everything in this place is interesting. Especially those Sweet Nightmares. They're full of contradictions.
Have you taken a look at their wavy mane? Look at it long enough, and you'll see flashes of images, which I believe are from other people's dreams.
Sweet Nightmares... Even their name is a contradiction. Maybe their mane is the source of all nightmares.
Or it could just reflect the dreams of the dead.
Those two ladies may not agree, but I don't have to stay here. I'm only staying because of ^0000cdSweet Nightmares^000000.
I want to get rid of their manes and see if it affects our dreams.
And I want to do that without having to leave my colleagues to fend for themselves. Do you know what I mean?
Do you want me to ^0000cdget their manes for you^000000?
Yes, please! ^0000cd20^000000 should suffice!
And while you're at it, please hunt ^0000cd10 Sweet Nightmares^000000 as well. I want to know how that affects dreams.
I'll do that.
Thank you. In return, I'll give you some stones I've picked up from this place.
I don't know if they have any purpose, but they sure look beautiful and mysterious. Maybe someone outside this place can recognize its value.
Anyway, thank you for doing this for me!
Adventurer, I've been waiting for you! Did you get what I asked?
You brought all of them. I hope I can find something out from them.
These are found only inside this place. Please bring them to me whenever you can. Dreams disappear when you wake up, you know.
Thank you so much. You should get some rest now.
Um, you haven't found it, I see.
Please bring me ^0000cd20 Wavy Manes^000000 from ^0000cdSweet Nightmares^000000.
Brother Antoine, you stay here. Sister Marina and I will go. Do either of you have a problem with that?
Even if you do, I won't hear it.
Brother Antoine and I will go. We're trained to fight. You are not.
Plus, I'm fast on my feet.
Marina, why don't you stay? Sister Gem and I will go. I think that'd be best, considering our abilities.
One of us can search while the other covers for them.
No. This place is overrun with unholy creatures. It's better if two servants of God look for them.
What's that supposed to mean? Are you saying that I can't fight zombies because I'm not a servant of God?
How about two of us stay and one goes?
No. It has to be two, so they can look out for each other.
What about the person left behind? They have no one to look out for them.
Excuse me. I came here on behalf of Father Grimm.
Did you come to help us?
He's worried that you haven't come out. He asked me to help you if you need it. Did something happen?
We need to find some people.
You can't just tell him that. Adventurer, you know what kind of place this is, don't you? We're in a hurry, so let me explain the situation to you quickly.
This place is the spitting image of the Geffen catacombs, and it probably exists inside the notebook's owner's memory.
We came here to find out how and why this place was created.
We didn't find anything peculiar about this place. We want to leave, but a couple of us, ^0000cda priest and a wizard^000000 hasn't returned to join us.
We've searched around, but the notebook's owner's memory of this place is rather hazy and inconsistent. Illusions of different wizards keep appearing, frequently and in masses.
We thought it'd take forever to find them, so we decided to split up. We were discussing how we'd go about doing it when you showed up.
I can't say how glad I am to have you here. Now that there are four of us, ^0000cdtwo of us can stay while the other two look^000000.
What do the missing members look like?
The missing priest is called ^0000cdJubilee^000000 and the wizard is ^0000cdJojo^000000. They're the typical priest and wizard. You won't miss them.
Adventurer, let's go!
Let me pray for you before you leave. Dear God, please watch over your children...
I hope Brother Jubilee and Brother Jojo are safe.
If you have to leave, let Sister Marina know. She'll send you back to where you came from.
Brother Jubilee has left to treat his wounds, but Brother Jojo hasn't returned. I really hope he's safe.
I really hope Brother Jojo is safe.
Adventurer, are you leaving now?
Father Grimm must be getting anxious by now.
Yes. Now that I know you're safe, it's time I return to Father Grimm.
According to our assessment, what happens inside this place doesn't seem to ^0000cdaffect^000000 the outside world.
That's good, but someone still has to stay here to keep an eye on them. You understand us, right? Please let Brother Grimm know.
I was surprised.
You're from the Church. I didn't think you'd let those vampires live.
If we play by the rules, then we shouldn't allow them to live.
She's right. We shouldn't. But looking at them... I wasn't sure if they deserved to die.
It's something we need to think about.
But if they make even the slightest mistake, we'll get rid of them!
If that happens, I'll let you take care of them by yourself.
Please tell Brother Grimm that we've decided to stay to keep an eye on them.
I will. Stay safe.
Please tell Brother Grimm that we've decided to stay
If you want to leave, ask Sister Marina to let you out.
Adventurer, not enough time has passed since you hunted last time. You need rest.
Please come back ^0000cdafter dawn^000000 tomorrow.
Adventurer, welcome back.
As usual, I'd like you to exterminate ^0000cdRestless Deads^000000. There are ^0000cdthree different kinds: Small, Fast, and Big. Please exterminate 10 each.^000000.
Adventurer, are you busy?
Even if you are busy, please spare me a moment of your time.
Okay, then I'll wait until you have some time for me.
As you know, we're here to keep an eye on them.
Now, that's interfering with our original mission, which is to keep this place clear of the unholy.
We've been trying to do both, and it's hard to do that between just the three of us.
The dead belong in the ground. We are here to ^0000cdput the undead back to eternal sleep^000000.
You mean you need help.
Yes, we do.
What kinds of monsters do you want me to take care of?
Please exterminate ^0000cdRestless Dead^000000. There are ^0000cdthree different kinds: Small, Fast, and Big. Please exterminate 10 each.^000000.
Got it. I was thinking, now that I'm  here, I might as well help you while I can. I'm glad that I can. I'll be back.
Adventurer, did you take care of what I asked?
Or did you forget what I asked you to do?
Please exterminate ^0000cdRestless Deads^000000. There are ^0000cdthree different kinds: Small, Fast, and Big. Please exterminate 10 each.^000000.
All the dead must return to the earth.
Adventurer, you took care of them all. Thank you. They will also thank you from Heaven.
Why don't you go get some rest and come back after dawn?
I'm sensing some faint energy in the east. Let's go.
Whoever is in the east, their energy is getting stronger. Let's hurry!
I'm sensing faint energy in the south. Let's hurry!
Farther east! We're almost there!
Let's go north!
Let's go south!
What do I do? I can't walk because of my leg. I can't teleport because I don't have enough energy left.
*Gasp* Am I going to die? Am I? I can't believe I'm going to die in a place like this!
Grrgghh...
YELP! Not again! Help!
Typical priest... Wait, is that him?
Could he be Father Jubilee?
Marina, I think we've found him!
What are you doing here?
Brother Jubilee?
Ah, Sister Marina! Help! You've got to help me if you don't want to feel guilt over my death later!
Let's secure this place first.
The dead shall return to the earth!
Turn Undead!
RAWR!
GRRRR!
Brother, are you all right?
Whew, I am now. Thank you.
What happened? Where's Brother Jojo?
He and I were checking this place when we found some fluorescent mushrooms. Brother Jojo's eyes gleamed and...
*Shakes her head* Wizards.
He touched one of the mushrooms, and it exploded.
What? A mushroom exploded? And?
When I came back to my senses, he was gone and I couldn't move my leg.
Oh no, were you hit by the shrapnel?
Sister Marina, have you seen the mushrooms in this place? They're not like the mushrooms we know. They're miniature bombs that blow up when touched.
I'm glad they only grow here.
Brother Jubilee, do you think you can move?
If I could, I would've found my way back to you already.
I thought priests could heal themselves.
We take basic training to be servants of God, but what each one of us can do depends on our natural ability.
I specialize in singing. It's my purpose in life. I feel my greatest joy when I sing Odin's praises.
Don't be surprised. His singing voice really inspires courage and gives strength. He's here with us for a reason.
I've been singing since I found out Brother Jojo was missing.
You shouldn't have wasted your precious voice on these unholy creatures.
Adventurer, I'm going to take Brother Jubilee to Sister Gem. Could you take a look around this place? I'll be back as soon as I can.
Watch for illusions. The notebook's owner's memories manifest themselves sporadically around here.
Also, I've sensed an evil presence. Please be careful.
Let's go.
This is bad, really bad!
Ah, it died!
Maybe Yggdrasil leaves kill the undead.
I think so. This means we can use them to take care of the undead.
You're a genius!
Um, even this can't raise the dead. Then what brought those creatures back from the dead?
Maybe I should crush and mix these gemstones together, and see if I can use the mixture to separate the souls of the undead from their bodies.
I don't think those zombies have souls.
Then what can explain their mobility? Every living thing that moves has a soul.
Muscle spasm?
No. It's clear their souls have returned to their dead bodies. If we can attach and detach our souls freely from our bodies, we can forever escape from physical pain!
But our bodies don't need souls for their survival. I still think those corpses are just?
Just stop talking, and take care of these.
Hello. Are you an adventurer? How old are you? Is this your first time in this place?
Do I look like a Novice? You're cute.
This is the forty-eighth attempt. Now, let me sprinkle holy water.
Nothing happened. I'll increase the amount of holy water for the forty-ninth attempt.
Wouldn't it be better if we let a priest handle this?
No. Priests will try to get rid of these. Just focus on recording this process.
Rise!
It doesn't work.
I told you, I used 457 amulets on them, and none of them worked. They're fueled by something else.
Like what?
I miss my Happy. When we finally make this work, I want to bring back Happy first.
Don't. Look at them. They're not normal. Happy will probably chew on you instead of his chew toy.
*Whine*
Ah, I'm sorry! Aww, this is just too creepy. Just kill me already. I can't watch the dreams you show me anymore.
Ah, what do we do? They're stronger than I thought.
When can we leave?
After they go away. They'll kill us if we move now.
Hey, there are too many of them! I told you to lure just one, not this many!
I can't stop them from following me!
Get down!
Whew, thanks!
Why is that one so fast? I might die before I have a chance to take a look at it.
How can I catch it? I wish there was a way to take it to my lab...
I'd better be careful. I don't want to die because I was gathering some mushroom spores.
This should be enough to illuminate a room.
Let's use a scroll and a Yggdrasil leaf at the same time this time. I'll activate the scroll from here. You use the leaf from there.
Okay.
Did we fail again?
Why wouldn't it turn into a human? If the dead can come back to life, then it should be able to turn into a human.
Let's calm down, and try something else.
We can't experiment in a place like this. Why don't we capture one and bring it to our lab?
Don't you feel the energy in the air?
What are you saying?
Imagine what we can do with this power.
...Oh, you're right.
This one has a different color from Neon Mushrooms. Is it a new kind? I'd better pick it carefully...
^0000cdTypical wizard^000000... Could that be ^0000cdJojo^000000?
Jojo?
...? Are you a human?
Jojo? You're Jojo, right? Your colleagues are worried about you. Let's go back. You're not hurt, are you?
No, I'm not Jojo.
Do I look like a ^0000cdhuman^000000?
Of course.
...Are you not a human?
I'm... My name is ^0000cdBomi^000000. I'm sorry I'm not the person you're looking for.
Bomi? Wait, you're that Bomi?
Do you know me?
I've picked up your notebook.
I didn't mean to be nosy. I had to know who it belonged to, so I could?
I threw it away.
Why did you throw it away? Why are you staying here?
Because I'm a monster. I belong here.
Why do you think you're a monster?
Because I'm a vampire.
A vampire?!
What happened? You were a human.
I got betrayed by my best friend.
Most people try to make the most out of life because they know they can't live forever.
I was given a shorter time to live than most. Ever since I was born, I'd been told I'd never outlive my parents.
People desire what they don't have. I desired ^0000cdstrength^000000 because I was too small and frail to live like others my age.
I became a wizard because I thought magic could compensate for my physical weakness.
I didn't realize a strong mind comes from a strong body, though...
Magic was exhausting to both my mind and my body. I reached my limits more quickly than I thought. But I wasn't upset. I thought I could remedy that.
Yes. Doing that, I felt more alive than ever. My burning desire for life made me who I was.
Then, one day, while I was here, I met an ^0000cdentity^000000 who was not human.
Bomi is gathering her thoughts. I should talk to her later.
Do you know what I found here?
There's one more.
When I first met him, he was close to perishing. His vulnerability reminded me strongly of my own. 
That's why I fed him my blood and tended to his wounds, even though I knew I shouldn't.
Later, I met him again and we got close. He was my first real friend.
Why did you save me?
It's hard to explain. Let's just say we humans like to save others.
That's not true. Others of your kind just want to kill me.
Not all of us are made the same.
How about I give you a gift in return for your favor? I know you want a strong body and longevity.
But how? Wait, are you offering...? No, thanks.
You want them so badly that you're risking your life by studying in a place like this.
I do, but I don't want to give up my humanity for them.
But you're afraid of dying. And your days are numbered.
My fear of death is what keeps me going. It's made me who I am.
Giving up my humanity for eternal life goes against my beliefs, all my hard work up till now, and everything I tried hard to protect.
Above all, I'll be giving up on myself, and I can't do that.
Even if you're turned, you'll still be you.
On the outside, maybe. But I will no longer fear death, and therefore have no desire to live.
It pains me to see you wither away, day by day.
I can't say I understand your logic, but I'll respect your wishes.
So he ^0000cdpromised^000000. Then one day, some people came here looking for him, and they fought.
And the next thing I knew, I was turned. Dracula broke his promise.
How could you do this to me?!
I'm sorry.
I couldn't believe he turned me into a monster. I trusted him!
People in the outside world must think I skipped town. How long has it been since I left?
Sigh, maybe they all forgot about me, as if I never existed. That's what pains me the most.
I try to ignore my reality, but this ever-present hunger and thirst keep reminding me what kind of terrible monster I am.
If I go back to the outside world, I won't be able to stop myself from hurting people.
How did you sustain yourself so far?
I studied ^0000cdpharmaceutical formulation^000000 to make up for my weak stamina with potions.
I drink fake blood that I make with the ingredients I can find here. I may look ^0000cdhuman enough^000000, but I'm not. Not really.
I'm sorry I bored you with my story.
Not at all.
Adventurer, I don't want to impose on your kindness, but may I ask you a favor?
Sure, anything for you.
You shouldn't say that. What if I ask for your blood?
I was joking. I'm in the middle of collecting the fake blood ingredients, but right now I want to examine this mushroom. I've never seen it before. I want to check it while it's still fresh.
What kinds of ingredients do you need? I'll get them for you.
Thank you. I need ^0000cd10 Sticky Bloods from Matte Drainliars and 10 Mushroom Saps from Neon Mushrooms^000000. Thank you for doing this for me.
Here, I brought the things you asked.
Let's see...
This isn't enough.
How's the mushroom?
It turned out to be an ordinary, invaluable mushroom.
How do you make artificial blood?
Matte Drainliars feed on the blood of the reanimated corpses in this place.
Did you get it? But their blood is highly toxic. So I use these mushrooms to detoxify it.
Like this!
But even their sap cannot completely remove the toxins in the blood. And when I ingest too much toxins...
Maybe you should've chosen a different career path.
Like alchemist, for example.
I didn't know I was talented at this. If I had ^0000cdenough time to live^000000, I would've had many different experiences. I might have chosen a different path.
Oh, by the way, weren't you looking for someone? What did you say his name was? Juju?
Jojo.
I haven't seen any other humans around here, but if I do, I'll let him know you're looking for him.
I hope you'll find him soon. I'm not the only one here, you know. If you haven't found him, maybe he's?
Never mind. Good luck finding him. Maybe you should check the catacombs in the south.
Thank you. I'll see you.
You'd better hurry.
I hope you'll find your friend soon. Why don't you check the catacombs in the south? He might be there.
Stay away from me, and I won't hurt you.
One of us is missing. You hurt him, didn't you?
I've never hurt anyone, and I won't start now.
Even if you won't, we're not going to let you go! Your existence in itself goes against His will!
His will? God loves us all. Isn't that what you preach?
The dead belong in the ground, and you're one of them. What do you think you are?
...But... But I really didn't hurt anyone.
That doesn't guarantee you won't in the future.
Wait, Sister Marina. Calm yourself.
Why aren't we getting rid of her already? The dead shall return to the earth! Brother Antoine!
Sigh, Sister Marina is right.
Guillotine Fist!
Ugh!
Argh, I can't believe you threw yourself in the middle of that! This is why I can't leave you alone!
...Dracula? Why?
There's another vampire! No wonder why this place felt so off it's filled with vampires!
Hey, you bat, the one over there! Are you also a vampire?
Did the vampire call for help?
Human, did you just call me a bat? How dare you?
Wait, Sister Marina. I said, calm yourself.
We have to act now. We've already incapacitated one out of the three.
But one of them doesn't want to fight. She wants to talk.
Who wants to talk? Because I don't! I'm not going to go down without a fight!
Grr, let me go! Enough is enough!
Oh geez, how do you move so fast?
Everyone, calm the hell down!
Brother Jojo! You're safe!
Where were you? We couldn't find you, and we looked everywhere!
It's true. His wounds are almost fully healed.
Don't touch Bomi... She... I... We don't want to hurt anyone... She's taught me that...
Hmpf, you should worry about yourself, you're dying!
Dracula! Dracula! Let me heal you!
I'm not going to let you do that!
Leave them be. They saved Jojo.
But they could be using him as bait!
Even if they try to attack us, there are more of us than them.
You're delusional if you think there's no strength in numbers.
I agree with Sister Gem. Also, it's not an everyday opportunity that we can see vampires from this close.
You're Bomi, right? I read your notebook. What happened? What did these vampires do to you?
I can explain.
I relayed Bomi and Dracula's story to Nun Gem and the others.
So you're saying they really are innocent.
Dracula, hang on. Drink this.
Whose blood is that? You can't let him drink that!
It's not real blood! He needs it! Can't you see he's dying?
You're dead already!
Gosh, you're so stubborn. Feed him. I'll keep them at bay.
Let me help.
You may feed him.
You're letting her feed him, that vampire? Sister Gem, have you forgotten your duty as our leader?
Marina, I don't care who they are. They saved me and asked for nothing in return.
I didn't understand why vampires would help humans, but now I know. Dracula learned from Bomi how to be more human.
He said he wanted to understand humans, so he could better understand her. And I think he's achieved his goal.
He helped me and expected nothing in return. Such a random act of kindness is a human trait, isn't it?
And you shouldn't help someone because of who they are. Marina, are you really going to let him die because he's not one of us?
That only applies to us humans. They're vampires!
Now I understand why Dracula was so distrustful of you humans. I thought he was being too picky.
Hey, you monk, over there. What do you think makes you human? What do you think makes a vampire a vampire? What if there's a vampire that's never hurt anyone in their life?
I'll get rid of them.
What if there's a human who did nothing but hurt others. What would you do about them?
I'll let justice decide their fate.
When I hunt, I treated all humans equally because I'm a vampire. That's my rule.
Their rule is to help anyone who needs help regardless of who they are. Simple, isn't it?
Mm... Bomi?
Dracula, how are you feeling?
Whew, he's out of the woods now.
Did you... save me? I thought you wanted me to die.
No, and now I understand why you made that decision. You couldn't just let me die, could you?
Because I couldn't do it, either.
What are you guys doing?
Leave them alone. They're reconciling with each other.
Brothers. Sisters. We need to talk.
Thank you, and I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I broke my promise. But even if I could go back in time, I would do it again.
I understand now why you did that.
Did you guys make up? Dracula, the worst is over. You just need to rest and regain your energy.
*Snort* You can't beat mushrooms, but you can save vampires.
They weren't mushrooms, they were zombies!
Mushrooms and zombies. Same difference to me.
Drac, let's go. I know you're not hurting anymore. We should really go back to our castle this time.
I'm going to stay.
What? No! You've made up with her. It's time to leave!
Please hear me out.
What more do you have to say?
Just listen, will you?
We know you haven't hurt anyone, and you want to keep it that way. And we appreciate you saved Brother Jojo.
And?
Just hush!
But that doesn't change the fact that your existence in itself defies our god's will. We can't leave you alone.
Drac, they won't leave us alone. Let's just get rid of them!
Sister Gem, this is just a waste of time. They're going to kill us the first chance they get. Let's get rid of of them before they do!
Sisters, let me talk. Your tendency to jump to conclusions is not helping this situation.
We understand you don't want to hurt anyone.
But you're dangerous to others, whether you like it or not.
Why are you looking at me? I didn't do anything!
Now that we know you exist, we can't ignore you. I can, but these people here can't. Their church won't allow it.
So what's your point?
We're not going to make any decision. Instead, we'll ^0000cdstay here with you^000000.
So you can keep an eye on us. Drac, I can't take this anymore!
I'm going to kill them all!
What? Drac! Stop acting like a human! We're proud, dignified vampires!
Let's go back. I'm tired. I want to sleep.
Let me go with you. I want to stay with you until you fully recover.
I'm not happy with this arrangement, Drac. I'm going back to our castle once you get better, got it?
So we've come to an agreement. We'll leave now.
You! I'm watching you! Better keep your coffin lid shut tight while you sleep!
What? Hey, you stop right there!
I should leave too. Excuse me.
Argh! I don't ever want to see them again! Let's go!
Bomi, I'll see you when I get better.
Okay, go.
Finally, they all left. That was close.
Thank you, Adventurer. Everything went well, and no one got hurt because of you.
You asked me if you looked like a human. Remember?
I do.
What do you think defines a human?
I didn't know you when you were a human, but I don't think you were different from who you are now. You're still trying to protect what's important to you.
I think you're more human than anyone else I know. You also taught a vampire humanity.
...Thank you. I never imagined someone would say such kind words to me one day, but I've longed to hear them.
I couldn't get over the fact that I became a monster, but now I know better. I may not be a human anymore, but I'm still me.
I should go. It's time I report back.
Okay. Travel safely. And thank you for your help.
Didn't you say you have to report back? Go to the exit. I smelled your friends there.
Adventurer, thank you for trying to help me, but I don't want you to strain yourself. Why don't you rest for now?
You can come back after dawn.
I'm away right now. Please come back after dawn.
Adventurer, welcome back. Could you help me today as usual?
Bomi is away. She has left a note.
I need ^0000cd10 Sticky Bloods from Matte Drainliars and 10 Mushroom Saps from Neon Mushrooms^000000. You can get them if you hunt at least ^0000cd5 Matte Drainliars and 5 Neon Mushrooms^000000.
Thank you for your help.
Adventurer, did you report already? Do you have something else to do here?
If you're not busy, could you help me with something?
Oh, are you? I'm sorry. Maybe you could come back later? no, never mind.
As you know, I live on that fake blood that I make with the ingredients I find around here. I'm thinking I'll make some more for Dracula as well.
But since this fake blood is not pure, drinking it regularly causes your body to accumulate toxins, which drive you insane until they are completely purged from your system.
But maybe that only happens to me. I'm a new vampire, and I'm weak. Dracula has lived for a long time, and he's anything but weak. 
Anyway, I need ^0000cd10 Sticky Bloods from Matte Drainliars and 10 Mushroom Saps from Neon Mushrooms^000000.
You can find them if you hunt at least ^0000cd5 Matte Drainliars and 5 Neon Mushrooms^000000.
Bomi is away. I'll just leave these here.
I think I forgot something.
Adventurer, did you forget what I asked? I need ^0000cd10 Sticky Bloods from Matte Drainliars and 10 Mushroom Saps from Neon Mushrooms^000000. Thank you.
Adventurer, thank you for bringing these to me.
By the way, I told you about the dangers of this fake blood. Remember? It leaves toxins in my system.
Right now, there are so many toxins in my body that I can feel like I'm turning into a monster.
I can't wait it out like I used to.
Not when there are people to worry about.
When I turn into a monster, I want you to stop me from hurting them. Please, help me.
Then please come back after dawn.
I ran out of the ingredients I had.
If I mix them like this and drink...
Oh, no! There is too many toxins in my body. It's getting dangerous!
If I drink this toxic blood about thirty times, I might turn? oh, never mind.
Oh, no...	I can feel the toxins spreading through my body...!
Bomi is falling into a long, deep sleep.
Angry Dracula: Who dares hurt my Bomi?!
Angry Dracula: Leave Bomi alone! Fight me instead!
Angry Dracula: Bomi needs rest. I'll deal with you!
Angry Dracula: It's about time for Bomi to wake up. Humans, don't forget your promise!
Bomi is stirring from her long, deep sleep.
Hey, why are you carrying so much? Go lighten your bag first.
What, do you have business with me? If not, shoo!
I smell ^0000cdblood^000000! Human blood!
You can't be smelling me. I'm not bleeding anymore. I already healed!
No. It's from somewhere else, and I'm smelling more than one human. ...A ^0000cdfight^000000! A fight broke out somewhere! Blood! Let's go!
A fight? ...No. What if the people from the Church found Bomi?
What people from the Church?
*Sniff* This way! The smell is coming from this way!
Why are you looking at me like that? Dracula needs more rest. Do not disturb him.
Adventurer, you're back already.
Yes, why did you come back so quickly? I don't want to be disturbed right now. Come back later.
The adventurer is here!
Why are you so excited to see me?
You'll take care of those Matte Drainliars like you did the last time, right? They're too loud.
And you'll get some ^0000cdShort Bat Hairs^000000 too, right? I need a lot more than what you brought last time.
^0000cd10 Matte Drainliars^000000!
Thank you in advance!
Ah, Adventurer. Good to see you again! Dracula is doing better, though he sleeps all day.
He's fully recovered, but he still doesn't want to leave. I don't know why he's so infatuated with that turned human.
Oh, do you mean Bomi? I thought she was a vampire like Dracula.
Not all vampires are the same. We're different from her. By the way, why are you still here? Dracula doesn't need you anymore.
Well, there are things around here that I want to study, and...
Do you have a death wish? Haven't you noticed how hungry and ferocious these bats are? They latch onto anything that moves, these creeps! Take care of them for me, will you?
Oh, are you? Then go. Go away.
King, you don't have to be so mean.
He was mean to me first! And he said he's busy. That's why I said go. Go!
Well, they don't bother me as long as I stay close to Dracula and King.
But they drink zombie blood! Yuk! I'll never drink dead blood, no matter how hungry I am. That's disgraceful!
So you're hating your own kind.
What? You, human.
Yes...?
Am I a bat?
In case you have forgotten, do you know how you're still standing there, breathing?
...How?
Because I let you. And I'm letting you breathe not because you're worth living, but because I'm too lazy to kill you.
...Oh. Thank you for everything. Um, I think it's time I should rejoin my group.
I'm still talking to you. You're not afraid of me because I'm in bat form, are you? You humans are so stupid, you can't get past what you see.
No, no, that's not true.
I agree that these bats are disgraceful, shameless, and disgusting animals.
Did you just call me a disgusting animal?
No, no. Not you. I'm talking about Matte Drainliars.
Good, because you don't want to make me angry.
It seems you already identify yourself as a bat.
What?
I have a question for you, King.
What is it?
Why are you in bat form?
Yes. If you hate them so much, then why don't you go back to your original form?
That's because this form is more efficient. I don't have to drink a lot to get full, I'm inconspicuous, and people, like that numskull over there, let their guard down around me.
I'm not a numskull. I wouldn't have become a wizard if I was. And don't forget, I saved Dracula!
But why a bat? There are other small animals.
Because bats are stealthy, and they can fly. Oh, speaking of which, did you know the short hair of Matte Drainliars is used for making cloaking capes?
Huh? No, I've never heard that.
Cloaking capes? Thieves and their ilk must love those.
I can't believe how simple-minded you are.
Erm, how can I get the hair? By hunting Matte Drainliars?
Why, do you want to quit magic and turn to thievery?
No. But it's always been my dream to conquer all the dungeons on the continent and become the greatest mage.
...That's a big dream, an impossible dream. Well, anyone can dream big.
Argh, come on!
Come on, what?
Even if it's not for my dream, a cloaking cape will come in handy in various situations.
I didn't know there was an aspiring thief among us. Huh.
I said that's not what I want. Adventurer, are you busy?
What, you're going to ask him? Do it yourself!
I have other things to do.
Like what? Eating, sleeping, and pooping?
Oh, come on! You know I've been busy studying things!
You mean, studying me and Dracula.
...How did you...?
I've known that from the beginning. Your face is so transparent, you can't hide anything. I just didn't say anything because I found it funny that you nervously kept glancing at us.
...Oh. Then can I ask you questions?
No.
Why not?!
Adventurer, are you going to get the bat hair for him? Good, that means you'll take care of those Matte Drainliars. Their flapping their wings keep me awake at night.
Why can't you do it yourself? All you have to do is just flick your finger.
I can flick my finger at you if you want.
Adventurer, please bring me the bat hair. King, I mean, Mr. King, how much bat hair do I need?
That depends on what kind of cape you want. Just know that it's tough to make stuff with hair.
Um, okay, then please bring me ^0000cd20 Short Bat Hairs^000000 for starters.
While you're at it, hunt the ^0000cdMatte Drainliars^000000 around us. There are at least ^0000cd10^000000.
Happy hunting, Adventurer!
Ah, Adventurer! Wait!
You came back quickly. I hope you didn't forget anything.
Wizard! The adventurer has brought the hair.
What am I supposed to do now?
That's for you to figure out. I'm not a cape maker, am I? But I know you would need more than that.
Um... Adventurer?
He just came back from hunting. You should let him rest, at least for the rest of the day.
Adventurer, come back tomorrow and hunt more Matte Drainliars for me, will you? It's so quiet without them.
Th-then see you tomorrow, Adventurer...
Look what we've got here. Did you forget what I asked? I told you to ^0000cdhunt 10 Matte Drainliars and bring 20 Short Bat Hairs^000000.
Go get it done.
Aww, my wounds are fully healed, but I'm still in pain.
How's Mojo doing? Heh, she's so curious, I feel sorry for Brother Grimm for having to deal with her.
I can't leave here just yet. There are still many things in this place I want to know about.
King has smelled blood. Even though that's how he found me when I was bleeding to death, it still scares me that he can do that.
A fight has broken out somewhere over there. Don't you want to go check?
I'm going to stay here for a while. It'll take for a while before Dracula fully regains his energy, and personally, there are many things that I want to know about these people.
Please let Nun Gem and Mojo know.
Adventurer, see this luminous glow over here? It's from the shining spores you brought to me.
I feel as if I traveled back in time, studying by this dim light.
I still have enough light left in these shining spores. Please come back after dawn.
Adventurer! You are the light of my life!
You're scaring him.
Could you get me shining spores again today?
Please bring me ^0000cd10 Shining Spores^000000 from Neon Mushrooms and ^0000cd10 Clusters of Nightmares^000000 from Sweet Nightmares. Thank you.
Adventurer, wait!
You misspelled that.
Where? Oh, I did it again.
Tsk, tsk. I don't know how you've become a wizard when you can't even spell correctly.
This is only because it's too dark to see. And stop peeking at what I'm doing!
It's not like you're writing something important.
You two get along as well as I remember.
What are you doing here? Don't you have things to do?
Are you? I was going to ask you a favor, but I can wait.
Then you'd better go attend to your business.
Why?
Since we're underground, it's too dark for me to write and read. I have a lot of information that I want to catalog, but I keep misspelling words because I can't see them clearly.
You should be able to do that with your eyes closed. You're a wizard. Didn't you learn how to summon light? But of course, if you use magic in front of me, I'll burn you to ashes.
I... I'm still a wizard!
What? I can't hear you.
I completed my guild's official wizard training program. I'm strong enough to have a contest with you!
Oh, really? Good for you!
Be honest, though. Did you really study hard? Did you attend every class, study all night, and practice hard? You'd better tell me the truth.
Can you honestly say that you tried to push past your limits?
No, you didn't. That's why you had your butt handed to you by those mushrooms.
I said they were zombies, not mushrooms!
Zombies and mushrooms. Same difference to me.
You're not good enough to earn your keep. I can't believe your guild actually invested in you.
I've been earning my keep just fine.
Yeah, right.
Then what about you? I know you can transform. But what else can you do?
Do you really want me to show you? Right now?
Maybe you keep questioning me because you can't trust me. How about I teach you to be the greatest mage among humans? Would you trust me, then?
Erm, you want to teach me?
Sure.
I've studied a lot. Why do you think I have?
To become smarter?
No. Because I was bored to death!
You have all the time in the world. I'm envious of that.
If you don't want me to teach you, that's fine by me.
No, no! I'd love to! But, erm, you're not going to ask for my blood in return, are you?
*Snort* If I drink anything because I'm hungry, I wouldn't be any better than those Matte Drainliars now, would I?
Did you just compare me to zombies?
So you're not as stupid as I thought.
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to keep you standing there. Could you get me some spores from Neon Mushrooms? I need some light to see what I'm writing.
Why those?
Oh, you know how those spores glow. I want to use them to illuminate this place.
Well, then go get them yourself. Don't dump things on this adventurer.
Oh, well... I'm... Neon Mushrooms are... You know.
You said you were attacked by zombies.
I was.
Where are you going to put the spores, anyway?
I have an empty bottle? oh, I forgot I lost my bag when I was attacked.
Adventurer, could you get me some Clusters of Nightmares as well? I can mix them with the spores to make a paste and apply it on the wall.
What? That's so tacky.
But effective nonetheless. You didn't know you could use them like that, did you?
Because I didn't need to.
Then, Adventurer, please bring me ^0000cd10 Shining Spores^000000 from Neon Mushrooms and ^0000cd10 Clusters of Nightmares^000000 from Sweet Nightmares.
Adventurer, welcome back!
I can tell that's not enough, just by looking at it.
Oh, you're right. You must have forgotten what I asked.
I can tell he brought everything you asked. Come on, make a paste and apply it to the wall already.
Adventurer, thank you for helping me study. These glowing spores don't last long. Could you come back tomorrow and get me more of them?
What brings you? I suggest you stay away out of this place.
Let's drink from this one.
Oh, no. That's?
King, I told you, we are not drinking from people anymore. And that's not a polite thing to say. I apologize on his behalf.
I-it's okay.
Humans die eventually. Is it so bad to die a little bit earlier? Come on, let's have a drink. This one doesn't smell good, though.
Do you mind if I get rid of that bat?
No one hurts anyone in front of me.
Human, are you blind? I'm not a bat.
Then what are you?
Now, what do I look like?
*Gasp* What the hell are you?!
Why, is this too scary? Then how about this?
Y-y-you're me? D-d-d-doppelganger! A-am I going to die?!
You're afraid of yourself. Why?
You love yourself so much that you don't accept anyone that doesn't look like you. But when you see someone that looks exactly like you, you can't tolerate it. Why?
Seeing other humans and seeing a clone of myself are two different things!
King, that's enough. Stop torturing him.
Tsk, tsk. You're too softhearted when it comes to humans.
Um... I can move fine now. Can I go?
Yes, you can leave.
Why not?
He's a human, and humans move in groups. He's going to bring his friends to attack us. Did you forget that already?
No, I'm not going to do that. I never forget favors. You've saved me. I promise I won't hurt you. Please believe me.
Humans can't be trusted, ever.
I agree that he might bring his friends, but not all humans are untrustworthy.
Whose side are you on? Me or him?
Typical wizard... Wait, could that be Jojo??
Jojo? Are you Jojo?
Wh-who are you?
See, I told you! One of his friends already showed up! This is why I don't trust humans!
A human?
No, no! He's not my friend! I've never seen him before in my life, I swear!
He could be sent by your friends. Human, answer me!
Jojo's colleagues are looking for him.
I see. We found him injured and unconscious, so we took him here and treated him. He's well enough to leave now.
No! They're going to put us in danger!
You saved Jojo.
Let me thank you on behalf of his colleagues. May I ask your name?
You're here, and yet you don't know who he is. He's Dracula. Didn't you come to challenge him to a battle?
Dracula? You mean the Dracula?
You have a familiar smell about you, Adventurer. I've yearned for this smell for a long time.
Are you saying he smells delicious? Can I drink from him?
I mean he smells like a friend, Little One.
What friend? I thought I was the only friend you had.
I met Bomi before I came here.
...I see. How is she?
What? Bomi?
You mean the owner of the notebook?
Did she tell you anything about... me?
Wow, so you've been hanging around here all this time because of that ungrateful girl. Is that it?
She's not ungrateful. She never wanted what I gave her.
What did you give her?
Eternal life.
Eternal life...!
That's the normal reaction from humans! She's ungrateful!
Why, do you want it? I can give it to you.
She said Dracula betrayed her.
Betrayed her? Hah? Where is she? He should've just let her die!
She still hasn't forgiven me. But I did what I had to do.
There must be some misunderstanding.
I needed humans to survive. I hid among them and hunted them whenever I needed.
One day, people from the Church found me. They were bent on killing me in the name of justice.
They were persistent.
I was gravely injured by them, and somehow I ended up in this place full of death and mysterious energy.
I thought I was going to die here, but then Lady Luck finally turned her gaze upon me.
Somebody please shut him up. I hate this story.
Bomi saved me. She fed me her blood, so I could regain my strength. I'm not a living being, but that day, she gave me new life.
Why didn't you leave afterward?
Even though Bomi was a strong woman, her body was failing her. It pained me to see her waste away day by day. I offered her eternal life, and she rejected it.
I stayed because I wanted to be there for her when she died as a human.
For the first time in my long existence, I really thought about humans, and what made them who they were. They also have this impulse to help others, expecting nothing in return.
I'd learned about them through Bomi. What I'd learned didn't make sense, and I didn't really understand it.
But it was different from what I previously thought of humans. I was starting to understand them.
Why? What good would understanding them do you?
Then why did you turn her against her wish?
There was an accident. The people who almost killed me found me again.
The people from the Church?
Bad luck follows me wherever I go. Bomi even made me a lucky charm, but it didn't work.
By then, I'd fully regained my strength, and those humans weren't a match for me. But Bomi... she didn't want anyone to get hurt.
Long story short, she got caught in the crossfire. She was dying and I panicked.
I wasn't ready to let her go. Before I had time to think about what I was doing, I turned her. 
You did it because you didn't want to lose her. I would've done the same in that situation.
That's what people do, to protect those they love.
But that stubborn girl refuses to acknowledge that!
I don't understand her logic. How could she possibly want to die as a human than live as a vampire? How could she think the gift of eternal life is a betrayal?
I think I know. People tend to take things for granted. If I could live forever, I think I'd lose all my motivation. I mean, you have nothing but time.
I think you guys need to talk it out with each other. Have you tried to talk to her?
When she was brought back to life, she was so shocked and angry that she wouldn't listen to me.
I did what I did to save her, and I understand she resents me for it.
You need to stop hanging with humans. You sound like one of them now.
Dracula, what's that human to you? Why do you insist on staying in a place like this
when she won't even talk to you?
I'm not?
Everyone, hush. I smell something.
King? What is it?
A fight? Oh no, we'd better hurry!
I've decided to wait for her. I could use some rest, anyway.
The bat blood she drinks sometimes causes her to go out of her mind. She calms down after a while, but if the people from the Church see her in that vulnerable state, they will try to kill her.
This orb needs more time to gather enough energy before it'll work.
All the energy that was sealed inside the cave has been released, awakening Ktullanux.
Ktullanux: Who dares call me a lizard? I'll freeze you all!
Ktullanux: I'll... be... back...
^4d4dffYou must be level 120 or higher to enter this area.^000000
^ff0000I feel dazed, as if I'm dreaming.^000000
I'm carrying too many types of items. I should lighten my bag first.
- You must be Level 110 or above to perform this quest.
^ff0000...? I released them from the ice earlier. Why are they frozen again?^000000
Sigh, this is all because of you, idiot.
But he really looked pitiful!
I was only trying to help him.
Who knew he'd freeze us in ice?
I'm the victim here, you know.
I don't know why you thought he looked pitiful, but that's not important.
We have to think about how to break out of this ice. *Groan*
I can't even move a finger because of the ice around me.
Yeah, we really need help.
Is there anyone who can help? oh! Hey, you!
- Are you calling me?
Yes, who else? As you can see, we happened to get ourselves trapped in ice. It's a long story. I'll tell you all about it if you let us out.
- How can I let you out?
That's a good question. Zeith, answer him.
...Stop dumping things on me!
I think we'll have to use fire.
Fire?
But I hate being hot, and fire could burn us to death.
But we need it to melt the ice around us. We'll be okay... I think.
So, mm... Our new friend...
I'm sorry, but could you find some dry twigs from heaps of dry soil in this cave? We won't need more than 10.
Argh, you're going to burn us to death!
^ff0000They're having the same conversation they had before. Also, I don't think they remember me.^000000
^ff0000I already know fire won't work, but I'm just going to go along with their request.^000000
We need 10 Dry Twigs. Check the heaps of dry soil inside this cave.
You brought all those dry twigs. Oh, we haven't introduced ourselves yet. have we?
I'm Zeith, and this is?
Ugh, you're going to burn us to death.
Sigh. This is Vrid.
What's your name?
^ff0000They asked my name again, as if they didn't remember me. Something weird is going on, but I told them my name again, anyway.^000000
For now, let's light the twigs and try to melt the ice. Why don't you try to melt the ice around my friend first?
Grr, why are you so evil?
No, don't! I'd rather die!
...Sigh. Alright, I'll do it.
Could you light the twigs and place them around me?
But let me remind you,
try not to place them too close to me.
^ff0000I lit the dry twigs and placed them around him. Some time has passed, but the ice doesn't look like it's melting.^000000
Maybe this ice is magical.
It's not melting.
Vrid, you haven't said anything. Come on, think of something!
Tsk, tsk. You guys are so simpleminded, thinking fire would melt ice like this. It's not working, is it? We need to think outside of the box. Let's try to beat the ice with ice!
We can use the cold energy from the monsters in this place to break the ice, I think.
...That's just outlandish.
...That's ridiculous.
How are we going to use their cold energy, anyway?
Just listen.
Vrid's Report: Furious Ice Titans!
According to my investigation, Furious Ice Titans are as tiny as specks of dust in the air.
They just look big because of the icicles growing on their bodies.
Imagine how uncomfortable and cold they must be!
I want you to liberate them from the icicles growing on their bodies.
Vrid's Report: Furious Gazetis!
According to my investigation, Gazetis were ice giants. They were so curious about this cave that they stuck their heads into it and had their necks shattered. Now they're roaming about the cave, looking for their bodies.
Aren't they creepy? Every time I look at them, they look like they're mouthing, 
Please help them, so they don't have to look for their bodies anymore.
Vrid's Report: Furious Snowiers!
According to my investigation, Furious Snowiers were gentle creatures who loved to say hi to people.
They became bitter after being ignored too many times. Now, they pretend to be friendly,
but once they get close enough, they attack people. My heart goes out to them...
^ff0000Zeith stared at Vrid with incredulity in his eyes.^000000
Please teach them not to act so sneaky.
Vrid's Report: Hard Icicles!
According to my investigation, these icicles have gone through a lot.
- Like what?
Well, first of all, they were... Mm... Uh...
^ff0000Vrid grimaced, sighed, and scratched his head. He then said...^000000
Well, icicles are icicles. It's not like they have a life story, do they?
Finally, you say something that makes sense.
Berome
Maybe you should help them create their own story.
...Or not.
While you're at it, you'll absorb the cold energy released from them. Come back and hug us, and maybe the cold energy in you will crack the ice we're trapped in. Doesn't that sound plausible?
No. Not at all.
Everything you say sounds far-fetched to me.
But... Sigh, I can't think of a better solution.
We'll try your suggestion. Adventurer, could you hunt 10 Furious Ice Titans and come back?
We'll try your suggestion. Adventurer, could you hunt 10 Furious Gazetis and come back?
We'll try your suggestion. Adventurer, could you hunt 10 Furious Snowiers and come back?
We'll try your suggestion. Adventurer, could you hunt 10 Hard Icicles and come back?
No, don't hunt them! You have to help them!
Sigh, whatever. Please help them.
Please come back after hunting 10 Furious Ice Titans inside the cave.
Please come back after hunting 10 Furious Gazetis inside the cave.
Please come back after hunting 10 Furious Snowiers inside the cave.
Please come back after hunting 10 Hard Icicles inside the cave.
See, I told you!
This adventurer is now radiating a massive amount of cold energy!
...Isn't this guy just really cold?
Now, come hug us? no, hug me first. Then, light will flash as the ice around me cracks, you know, like in those fairy tales!
^ff0000I hugged Vrid as he asked.^000000
^ff0000Light flashed!^000000
^ff0000No, wait. That was just the ice reflecting ambient light.^000000
^ff0000Nothing happened.^000000
*Chattering his teeth* C-c-c-c-cold. Get off me! You're too cold!
I knew that was an idiotic idea! I shouldn't have listened to your stupid story! I shouldn't have followed you into this cave!
It's not stupid!
It's the truth!
Vrid's Report:
Secret of the Ice Cave!
According to my investigation, this cave used to be a subterranean kingdom, and it was entirely made of gold, like El Dorado!
^ff0000Zeith rolled his eyes, but Vrid ignored him and continued.^000000
The king was worried about the growing number of thieves, when a young warrior came in and drove all the invaders away. The king was overjoyed and gave the warrior his daughter's hand in marriage.
But it turned out his son-in-law was also a thief. He ended up running away with the kingdom's most valuable treasure.
The furious king froze the cave and summoned formidable monsters in it, so no one would ever dare invade his kingdom again. Tragic, isn't it??
Of course, I didn't come here for the treasures. We happened to be in the area, and I just wanted to check the place out.
That isn't what you told me the first time. I never believed that stupid story, anyway. I followed you in because I was curious. I totally regret it now.
Hah hah, now there's only one thing left to try. That is...
No more stupid ideas, please!
Sometimes the direct approach is best. Let's try to hit the ice until it breaks. Try Zeith's first, please.
So we're resorting to brute force. You want me to go first? Coward! Sigh... Please be gentle? no, hit me with your best shot!
...I can't believe it worked.
It worked because I'm a genius! You should be thanking me, Zeith!
Let's see how long you can gloat.
Let's leave him alone here
and get out!
What? Hey, wait! Wait! Come on, Zeith! I thought we were better friends than that!
...Sigh. You're lucky I'm too kind to just leave you here.
I'm still too stiff to move. Would you take care of him, too??
Now, we need to help Vrid. Please get him out of the ice.
You're pretty good.
Let's get out of here.
I don't want to be frozen again!
Wait. We're warriors? we can't leave without making our enemy pay for what he did to us!
Revenge?
Do you want to get frozen again?
- What revenge? How did you get frozen, anyway?
Sigh... This knucklehead touched something he shouldn't.
Come on, I was only trying to help!
Helping who? To me, that monster didn't look like it needed help!
Listen.
Vrid's Report: The Strange Lizard!
Like I told you earlier, when this cave was a kingdom, the king had a pet lizard. When the king froze the cave in a fit of rage, this lizard was also turned into a terrifying ice monster.
Now, he's roaming about the cave, yearning for his owner's love. Isn't that so tragic? I was only trying to give him the love he wanted, and he punished me for it!
Like I told you earlier, when this cave was a kingdom, the king had a pet lizard. One day, this lizard wandered outside of the kingdom to see the outside world, but ended up getting lost. The king was so angry at the lizard that he cursed him.
That cursed lizard roams about this cave, still wanting to go outside. Isn't that tragic? I was only trying to free him, and in return, he froze me in a block of ice!
His real name was? what was his name?? Ktulla-something. Someone once told me the lizard has been hired by the archpriests of Rachel to keep watch over a boy who is sealed inside this cave.
But that story was so unrealistic and boring that it's not worth remembering. A lizard is just a lizard, right?
If you ask me, that sounds the most plausible of all your stories I've heard.
Where do you get all this? And why do your stories keep changing every time?
Sigh, anyway, that lizard does exist inside this cave. If you want to see it, then press down on all 4 Orbs of Seal in the center of the cave within 30 seconds. That'll make it come out of hiding.
But that lizard is really strong. I suggest you fight it in a group.
I'm glad we've met you,
I hope we'll meet again.
^ff0000They started to fade away as they bid me goodbye. Soon there was nothing left of them, as if they never existed at all. Was this all just a dream or something?^000000
^ff0000They started to fade away as they bid me goodbye. It seems this cave is stuck in an endless time loop.^000000
^ff0000But the events that take place inside it aren't always the same. Is it possible that spacetime inside this cave is still warping? Will I also be affected by that?^000000
It really worked! Hey, Zeith! Are you alright?
See if you can break the ice around him. If it works, then please break me out of the ice, too.
I have all the twigs I need. I should go back to Zeith and Vrid.
I checked the mound of dirt to look for twigs.
There's nothing inside this mound of dirt.
I've found 1 ^006400Dry Twig^000000.
Aylvar : I need your help. Please, quickly!
Um.. Are you an adventurer?? I have a favor to ask you...
...Oh, you need more experience. Excuse me.
It's a high risk job.
 - ^0000CDLevel 150 and over can do this quest.^000000 - 
Aylvar : Leiphen, my friend... Please be safe.
Sorry to bother you.
God bless you.
Aylvar : Adventurer? Ah. It's you, 
Sorry for the sudden request.
I am from the Alberta Guard of the 1st Knights Division, Knight Aylvar.
Under the command of the Knights, I am on a mission to search for Alberta's 2nd Knights Division, who had disappeared in Turtle Island.
However, after meeting a violent storm, I arrived at a Turtle Island, but it didn't seem like the normal Turtle Island.
Aylvar : It's hard to explain, it's clearly a Turtle Island, but I got goose bumps.
I was in danger, but someone helped me out.
As I woke up, I felt the sea breeze from Alberta's harbor... In my hands, two pieces of this turtle shell.
Aylvar : I'm not sure how, but I knew that I barely escaped with my life.
Here is only one piece I have right now.
My friend might have the other one. No, I mean he must still have.
I understand. Even for me, I am bewildered, but please hear me out. I think my friend is in danger
Yes, it's about my friend. Sorry for such a long story, just a little more, hear me out.
Leiphen: I'm Leiphen, a professor of archeology at Juno.
I show these pieces to my friend, ^0000CDLeiphen^000000.
He shows big interest. ^0000CDHe said that it was made from the shell of a turtle living only on Turtle Island.
After I handed the pieces to him....
My friend Leiphen who was looking at the pieces suddenly disappeared.
Aylvar : I saw it with my own eyes. It was right here.
It happened ^FF0000half a day ago^000000.
In the meantime, I contacted Juno University and went to Turtle Island, but I haven't achieved any results... I was hoping I could find a clue so I figure out where Leiphen disappeared to.
This piece might be a clue. Please take a look.
Please tell me your friend looks like.
^0000CDHe wears glasses^000000 and has blue short hair. ^0000CDHis face is just like a scholar^000000 so you should be able to recognize him.
 - ^424242EStopped handing the piece over.^000000 - 
Can you clear up your inventory a little bit? I will be right here waiting for you.
 - ^424242I grabbed the piece handed over by the knight. A small leaf is carved on the turtle shell. It's a bulky piece, but somehow feels warm.^000000 - 
 - ^424242I was looking at the piece for a while, but suddenly something seemed to appear in my head. Suddenly a gust blows and my vision gets darker.^000000 - 
Aylvar : Ugh, it's the same wind like before. 
 - ^424242EAylvar's voice is getting smaller and I felt dizzy. It's starting to smell like wet clay....^000000 - 
Aylvar : Really? Oh. Leiphen...!
Aylvar : Really? Good! Leiphen...!
Are you going back to find Leiphen again?
Aylvar : Is there a way for me to go there?
Please save Leiphen.
If I can go there, I will save him myself.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
 - ^424242As the girl who was there told me, I squeezed the piece of the turtle shell, I felt the wind blowing my hair again.^000000 - 
Aylvar : 
 - ^424242Before my eyes were completely dark, my cheeks felt the cooler air from the cave....^000000 -
I am worried because he went there again. He said he would come back after finds out the secret of that place.
Not only Leiphen but also a kid named Narin... who you also helped. You are a great adventurer.
Are you going there again?
Oh, since you are going there again, please make sure Leiphen is ok as well.
On the way, please make sure Leiphen is doing good.
Aylvar : He is a guy where research is more important than himself, so I want to stay closer to him.
Glad to see you again. I have reported the information to the Knights Division and now my job is to support Leiphen's research.
When I heard his story, I wanted to go there too... but I can't do as he explained. I am so sad.
If you find Leiphen, please make sure he is eating.
 - ^424242Beyond the door, it appears black, and nothing seems to exist. A reddish glow is floating in front of the black sky. A nervous looking girl appears.^000000 - 
Girl : The piece will help you. Hold tight.
...It is this place.
Hopeless, desperate, and poisonous.
 - ^424242It's a puzzling response, but it might help. As the girl told me, I held onto the turtle shell.^000000 - 
......Not going to back?
Girl : Yes. Just... Go.
 - ^424242The smell of salty wind lifted the hem of my clothing. You can hear the waves of Alberta Harbor and the sound of seagulls....^000000 - 
 - ^424242This red light is invisible to Narin. It just seems to disappear.^000000 - 
 - ^424242If I don't come back, she will forget. Just right before I walk into the light, Narin's voice echoed from behind me.^000000 - 
I will remember... Come back. Please. Bro...!
 - ^424242Turning around with a small smile, Narin, holding her hands, was surprised and glanced over.^000000 - 
Ah? Not going back?
Hey!
 - ^424242I nodded and recalled the bulky piece I had now kept by my heart. The sea breeze from the harbor blows by my ears...^000000 - 
 - ^424242Now I stand in front of the familiar light. Lightly waved my hand to Narin, she closed her eyes and held both hands together.^000000 - 
 - ^424242With empty hands, I think of the bulky but warm piece left in my heart.^000000 - 
Hay!
 - ^424242I will come back again. I put my hands together on my chest.^000000 - 
 - ^424242The consciousness became far away, and the salty, slightly fishy smell of Alberta Harbor tickled my nose.^000000 - 
What are you doing with such a heavy bag? Clear some out.
Again... Stranger.
And you brought that again.
Girl : That piece.
You have a lot of questions, but no need to know.
Girl : You don't need to know. You shouldn't be here. There are things you shouldn't know.
But ^0000CDthere is someone here like you^000000. One who shouldn't be here.
Go back with ^0000CDa scholar who has blue hair^000000. Do you know him?
Good. I don't know his name and where he is, but I can guess.
^0000CDThere are two locations^000000. Go find and take him. And do not come back.
You will be gone for good. No need to know.
A spell that will protect you for a moment.
It will follow you around. Curiosity killed the cat. Don't look into something that is unclear. Don't look back, or talk behind someone's back.
^FF0000Don't be alarmed that you may breathe strangely.^000000
I don't know. I don't know where you came from, how could I know?
However, there, the empty door... might have something, you might know about.
 - ^424242The girl glanced toward the back of where she was standing. Looking closely, it seems that something reddish is floating in front of the black hole. Let's go and look.^000000 - 
Go back. It's dangerous here.
 - ^424242The girl said briefly and stopped talking. She looks sad....^000000 - 
...You, still alive?
Before you get in danger, get the person you were looking for and leave.
You are safe. Both of you.
...Sorry for the danger.
Archeologist Leiphen : ......Oh, I thought I was going to die.
Then, go back. To the place you came.
And forget everything.
Archeologist Leiphen : How can I forget this place!?
Huh? What do you mean? I will come back again.
Until I find out all of the secrets here.
Why do you ignore my warnings? Arrogant.
Archeologist Leiphen : I am a professor of archeology.
You may be a professor but that does not give you the right to walk around here.
......Do you know something?
Please tell me. Where am I? What just happened here?
Girl : You don't need to know, you are going to leave anyway...
Stop? I didn't say anything wrong. You are going to leave and forget everything soon. You will never come back.... right?
Girl : What are you saying? I am the arrogant one?
......Fine. Arrogant or not. Think freely. I don't care anyway.
I said before.... but no one has returned. I am not expecting anyone to.
Girl : If you don't expect, there's nothing to be disappoint about.
......No one comes back. It's better to not come here. It's full of danger.
You want that, but still someone is going to come back here.
Girl : ......Think what you want.
Whew.........
Ok. Fine. Let me tell you. Promise me you will go back after listening. It's not like I want to talk a lot.
Girl : I'm just telling you because you're so persistent.
...Give me a sec. I need time to think clearly. It's been a long time not talking....
Archeologist Leiphen : Then let me look around here for a while.
I'll talk to you again after a while.
Archeologist Leiphen : Ugh, monster!
Thank you for waiting...
It would be better to start introducing myself. I am Narin. ^0000CDOld Ghost.^000000
Archeologist Leiphen : O..Old GGhost?
You look like you have been through a lot of things before. I can see you are able to talk normally.
Ordinary people like a professor can't even see us.
All the residents here are spirits bound by the burden of resentment. When you're dead, obsessed with something you desperately want, and you'll always do the same thing without realizing it..
Narin : I'm lucky, so sometimes I can get out, but eventually I go back and repeat.
We hate life. Those who are not bound by the burden of resentment, those who breathe strangely. We want to hear your last breath.
But unless you realize us, we cannot realize you either. It's a good thing.
It doesn't last long. The longer you stay here, the more you notice each other. Gradually.
And suddenly you guys realize. That's strange. ...Then, it's over.
The professor got my stuff, so I could recognize it right away. Normally I wouldn't have known.
Archeologist Leiphen : Narin's stuff...?
Narin : Yes, turtle shell, my sculpture.
Oh, I knew it...!!
It was you who saved Aylvar. Thank you for helping my friend!
Narin : I did it for me. No need to say thanks.
I wanted to do it.  My obsession is...
^0000CDU I don't want anyone get die here. I want to save all life.^000000......
It was just that.
Oh... really, it's such a silly story. It's hard to keep talking.
Just leave me alone for a while? Sorry for taking so long.
Thank you for waiting. I'm good now. Let me finish.
Archeologist Leiphen : I'm ready. There are a lot of interesting things around here.
It's not the first time, someone is here. It's a rare event. When I first saw someone, I remembered what I wanted.
The man was deathly afraid, but he was alive and left this place.
After that... I could stay a little longer.
It's been a while, I haven't lost my mind. I was not swept away by resentment and neither reason nor emotion was lost.
So I want to save all life. Those who have flowed in and even those trapped by the burden forever.
I realized that all those I saved went back to where they came from.
Narin : And I am alone knowing and feeling who I am, what I am doing.
It's... it's hard. Even I envy those trapped by this burden. But... I couldn't turn it off. The people who are in danger.
But I don't want to hope. If you hope... you can be betrayed.
Narin : ......This is the end of my story. Now give me the pieces and you two will be going back..
Oh, I almost forgot. Let me cast my spell on you again. It's weak, so it will not last long.
Just get out before it's over.
......I didn't tell you the long story to hear that...
Please don't care about me....
What are you talking about?! I said go back after you listen to my whole story...!
I don't want to worry anymore!
Yes. That's what I wanted to say.
What do you mean...?
Let us help other souls here like you, Narin, resolve themselves.
Oh really...
......No, it was a coincidence. They are, not like me.
We will see. Right?
Narin : No, don't. It is very dangerous here. Do not try to come back.
It's ok. I will forget both of you. All the souls here are made like that.
I might remember a little longer. But I forget eventually.
We can guess one fact. All the lost memories are in the subconscious mind of Narin.
I will come back. For research and for you, Narin.
Really... Really? Are you going to come back here and find me?
I don't need to be ... alone...?
......Thanks...
Thanks... Really...
Suddenly from my hands... like it melted away.
It has my wishes. Now... It doesn't need to exist.
Archeologist Leiphen : What does that mean?
...I, I don't know the specifics reason... Just that it might be that way.
...Oh, right. Here... I give this to you. Here, you too professor.
Archeologist Leiphen : It... It's an 
Narin : ...Is it? In fact, I had it because it was pretty.
It's a sign of promise. I will try to remember the two of you. So come... come and find me.
Tomorrow, and the day after tomorrow... I'll be waiting... Brother and professor.
And the others... you said you would help them. I'll show you how. How you can help...
^0000CDListen to what they want. Brother, even if you look very trivial, do something they'll be pleased by.^000000
Please... Maybe one day...
Don't worry. I will.
I, I was able to stay alone so far, because I could meet you two again someday?
I will... remember... Please... come back.
I will be here until I find all of the secrets.
Archeologist Leiphen : Okay, see you again!
I asked you to come back... but you must leave today. It's dangerous to be here any longer.
There is a limit to the protection spell.
The day is over and you two stay together. I'll give you a new spell.
If I forget again... Please I will try to remember...
Brother... Are you still here? The spell will be gone after a day, please come back after dawn.
Even if I forget you brother, don't go away...please.
Go back. It's dangerous...
 - ^424242She can't remember, but even if she doesn't remember, she's different from the other ghosts.^000000 -
......Why are you mumbling like that?
Go back. You do not belong here.
 - ^424242Let's go back now. It looks like nothing has happened to the professor, yet. I will come back later.^000000 -
Go back, stranger. And never be back.
 - ^424242...She wants me to leave with Archeologist Leiphen. Then she will remember...
The professor will just come back. Let's find him.^000000 -
Go back. ...you not should be here.
I came here again. Well, everyday.
................Aww..
......Again ...I forgot again.....
Narin : I was waiting as long as I can remember...
Thank you... Um, let me cast a spell on you. You will go to the others as well today?
Hope you two will be safe...
And here, a sign of promise. Professor and brother. I'm glad you came.
I will be waiting for tomorrow.
Archeologist Leiphen : See you tomorrow, Narin. and you.
I lost her. I lost her. My baby. My pretty baby. Where are you? My baby. What's her name? My daughter. Daughter? My baby.
 - ^424242As she told me, there are others... but he doesn't look like Archeologist Leiphen.^000000 - 
Who was it? My baby, where are you? My daughter? My.... daughter? Ha, hahaha. I lost her. I lost her
My baby is gone... My baby. My lovely baby.
My baby, I lost her. I lost my baby. Where are you?
No. ^FF0000You can't^000000.
My baby? Baby? I lost, lost, my daughter... baby. Where... where?
No. ^FF0000No.^000000 Can't find her.
No ^FF0000it can't be. My daughter.^000000 Baby... Baby? No. Ha, ha^FF0000haha. No. Ha, ha.^000000 My ^FF0000pretty baby,^000000, baby. My ^FF0000 pretty baby. No.^000000 No.
 - ^424242Hard to communicate with...^000000 - 
 - ^424242Let me check the other point. Let's go...^000000 - 
^FF0000No, my daughter. My ^000000pretty baby. No. Lost, ^FF0000lost her^000000. Lost. Boohoo... My ^FF0000pretty...baby.. Can't ^000000find, ^FF0000can't^000000 find, can't... ^FF0000find^000000......
Who was it? My baby... who?
I can't... find. My baby. Gone. My... lovely daughter.
I can't find. Gone... My daughter, my... daughter? My? baby...
Murmur.... ^FF0000Munch^000000, munch. ^FF0000Murmur^000000...
The damn^BDBDBDuh..^000000 Mon..^BDBDBDDmonster^000000...
It's all ... mine. ^BDBDBDIt all^000000 can ^BDBDBDbe^000000 mine...
My...my precious ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000... ^FF0000Murmur^000000...
 - ^424242There is someone. He seems to be muttering something but I can't hear clearly. He doesn't look like Archeologist Leiphen^000000 - 
 - ^424242Biting nails and the fingertips are messed up.....^000000 - 
My treasure, if the 
Munch, Munch... Murmur... My ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000... My ^BDBDBDprecious^000000 treasure... It's ^BDBDBDall^000000 mine...
^BDBDBDA^000000 human? A ^BDBDBDhuuu^000000man? There would ^BDBDBDbe no such thing^000000!!!!!
Damn ^BDBDBDyou^000000! Don't ^BDBDBDlook^000000 at me ^BDBDBDlike^000000 that... ^BDBDBDDon't^000000 look!
Munch... Muunch, treasure... My treasure... Munch... Muunch...
Damn ^BDBDBDit^000000... ^BDBDBDDamn^000000 it...
Munch, murmur... ^FF0000Munch^000000, munch...
 - ^424242There is the other point. Let's go...^000000 - 
Munch, murmur... ^FF0000Munch^000000, munch. ^FF0000Munch^000000...
The damn^BDBDBDuh^000000 mon..^BDBDBDDmonster^000000...
It's all mine. ^BDBDBDCould be^000000 all^ BDBDBDmine^000000...
My... my treasure. ^BDBDBDAll^000000 of...my... ^FF0000munch, munch^000000...
What are you doing with such a heavy bag? Clear some space.
It's..^BDBDBDit^000000 was... alive. ^BDBDBDIt's^000000 alive... Damn! ^BDBDBDAlive,^000000 alive?! I am!!! I am^BDBDBDdead^000000, dead!!
I can't forgive ^BDBDBDyou^000000!!! I will^BDBDBDfind^000000 and ^BDBDBDkill^000000 you all!! ^FF0000munch^000000... munch...
 - ^424242Still a good idea to not get close. Let's wait for a day. After dawn, come back again.^000000 - 
Ha... Ha ^BDBDBDuh^000000, my ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000... My treasure...
Finally ^BDBDBDI^000000 got ^BDBDBDit^000000... Finally ^BDBDBDI^000000 got...
Who ^BDBDBDare^000000 you!? Why ^BDBDBDare^000000 you here!
Don't look at my ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000! ^BDBDBDI^000000 won't let you!!!!! Munch, ^FF0000munch^000000, munch...
 - ^424242He seems ok. ..Ok? Just leave him be. Come back after dawn.^000000 -
^FF0000I need more!!!!!!!!!!^000000
^FF0000My treasure... My revenge...
Not enough!!!^000000
Did you get payback? To the ^BDBDBDterrible^000000 monsters?
And my treasure... ^FF0000Munch^000000, munch... You brought ^BDBDBDmy^000000 treasure?
^FF0000Give me^000000! My treasure!
Ha... Haha... Haha^BDBDBDha^000000ha...... Haha^BDBDBDha^000000hahaha......
It's shiny... shiny... It's pretty, so pretty.
Take this. I don't need it.
I have my treasure ^BDBDBDnow^000000... It's shiny... Pretty.
Munch, murmur... ^FF0000munch^000000, munch. ^FF0000Munch^000000...
The damn^BDBDBDuh^000000.. mon..^BDBDBDDmonster^000000...
It's all mine. ^BDBDBDCould be^000000 all^BDBDBDmine^000000...
My... my treasure. ^BDBDBDAll^000000 of... my... ^FF0000munch, munch^000000...
They took ^BDBDBDmy^000000 treasure^BDBDBDD.... My!! treasure^000000...!!
Munch, murmur... ^FF0000munch^000000, munch.
Munch, ^FF0000munch^000000... Murmur...
Yes... It's mine.. ^BDBDBDuh^000000... My ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000...
I couldn't get ^BDBDBDit^000000... The damn ^BDBDBDmon^000000.. monsters...
Munch, ^FF0000munch munch munch^000000...
You? Are ^BDBDBDyou^000000 going?
Go, ^BDBDBDgo^000000 get it! My ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000! You can take it from them! My ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000!
Get rid of 10... monsters! Munch, ^FF0000munch munch^000000... Get ^BDBDBDrid^000000 of them!!!
The damn ^BDBDBDuh^000000.. mon..^BDBDBDmonster^000000...
It's all... mine. ^BDBDBDIt all^000000 can ^BDBDBDbe^000000 mine...
My... my precious ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000... ^FF0000Murmur^000000...
Munch... Muunch... Munch... Muunch...
My, treasure... Munch, can't forgive...
Munch... Muunch, Treasure... My treasure... Munch... Muunch...
Revenge... Revenge... Munch... Muunch... Munch... Muunch...
I will get payback... on... 
 - ^424242Oops. It's not Archeologist Leiphen for sure.^000000 -
I'm hungry. Help me. I'm so hungry.
I'm starving to death. If I don't eat something, I will die.
I'm hungry. Please help me. Please...
I haven't had a meal today, yesterday, and the day before yesterday.
I'm going to die. Please help me... Please.
I'm going to die. Starving.
I'm hungry. I'm starving.
I can eat anthing now. Please give me something.
I haven't had a meal today. I was starving all day yesterday. My child was starving too. My husband was also starving.
I'm going to die. We are all going die.
 - ^424242She told me the other place, ^0000CDthe other^000000 point. Is ^0000CDTurtle Palace^424242 nearby?^000000 -
Archeologist Leiphen : Is this the place? I've been here a few times...
I'm hungry. I've been starving for a long time... I'm going to die. Please, please help me.
......um.. Hey?
I'm hungry. Please help me. I'm hungry.
Who are you talking to now?
Nobody is here except the two of us.
I'm going to die. Die. Die.
Ah-ha, I found.
What... is... that... sound...
I found.
Breathing!
Found alive.
Catch!
Kill!
Make into pieces!
Aargh! What is this!
Put this in your mouth. Shh, quietly!
Don't breathe. You too.
Archeologist Leiphen : Is there another one?
Girl : Don't breathe! Don't talk!
Archeologist Leiphen : H...
Where are they?
They just vanished.
They are gone.
How could it be?
Who did it?
Disappeared!
Gone. Completely gone!
I saw living things?
I will find them!
Should have killed!
Now I can't see both of you... But don't go. I'm speaking in a quiet voice.
Girl : ......Are you here?
You are here, right?
I'm saying this once, so listen carefully.
You won't be caught if you bite on that and hold your breath.
Just get out of here, quickly. Go back to where we met.
The place where you met me for the first time... Remember? I'll be waiting.
Gone. The living people.
No, my baby...
All here are dead.
My treasure...
Let's go back.
I'm hungry... Hungry.
As always.
It's all dead...
Let's gooo!
 - ^424242Archeologist Leiphen held his breath and nodded.^000000 - 
I'm hungry... Hungry. I'm going to die.
I can eat anything in front of me. From head to toe...
 - ^424242I should be closer. After dawn, maybe calmer.
Meat... Easily digestible meat. Hungry. Hungry. Too good. Meat...
I'm hungry. Want more. Yummy. Too tasty.
 - ^424242Still... satisfied. Let's come back after dawn.^000000 -
What are you doing with such a heavy bag? Clear it out some.
Ah..ah.. The nice smell of meat.
It smells delicious. It looks so delicious. Please give it to me. Hungry. Hurry.
Delicious. It's so delicious. Happy. It's really good.
Woman : chomp chomp, munch....
 - ^424242......she is holding it with her bare hands and eating..^000000 -
Ahah, I'm full. I'm not die now. I'm full.
Here, I give you this. Can't eat though..
I ate everything. Sorry. That's the only thing I can give you.
I'm hungry. Help me. Please. Hungry.
...Help me? Really? You won't let me die?
It's ok. Or I will die. Starving...
I'm going to die. Starve to death.
^FF0000I can eat anything. Really anything. I can eat.. chomp chomp.^000000
Thank you. Meat, I will die if I can't eat.
I can now live some more.
Hungry. I'm so hungry I can't move..
Please... please have mercy. I've been starving for too long...
I will starve to death. If I don't eat something, I will die.
 - ^424242The guy...? I finally found him.^000000 -
Oh my god... Human, a human? A real human?
Oh thank God! Thank you. I thought I was going to die here!
Archeologist Leiphen : How did you know it was me?
^FF0000I couldn't sleep^000000 and eat for several days. I was wandering around.
 - ^424242Several days? It's weird.^000000 -
Archeologist Leiphen : This Turtle Island is, not the Turtle Island we know.
Anyway, have you heard from Aylvar? I was hesitant when I heard.
...Aylvar was right about this place.
There are a lot of things I'd like to research, but it's better to go back for now.
I'm exhausted and don't have some tools to make proper reasoning. It's better to prepare and come back.
Of course I have to come back. It's a place where I can discover all new facts about the history of Turtle Island.
Archeologist Leiphen : Stomach growling...
hum...
I'm sorry but I'm hungry... I can't move right now.
If you are okay, can you hunt some monsters around?
Archeologist Leiphen : After a long research expedition, I was able to have a few meals at the survey site..
The essence is a turtle, so I can eat but I couldn't hunt alone, so I starved all this time....
The monsters here are much stronger than the monsters on the Turtle Island we know. Please?
...I'm sorry, can't move.
Can you carry me out?
Well, if the monster hunting is too cumbersome... you can carry me out..
Thank you for accepting. Well, I think it's better to think of these monsters as different ones from Turtle Island.
And ^0000CDthe meat^000000, ^0000CD10 pieces^000000 please.
In the meantime, I will make a fire.
Phew... I'm struggling all of a sudden. I'm an archaeologist, not a hero of an adventure story.
Archeologist Leiphen : Oh, you came back. I was waiting.
Oops... The fire didn't go well. I can't burn books or tools.
No way... All of it?
I can't move without chewing and swallowing something...
Archeologist Leiphen : Or you can carry me out...
Archeologist Leiphen : Oh, you came back, 
Too bad. There was nothing to burn... So I can't make a fire.
That's really weird. You hunt living monsters, but somehow it only gives rotten meat?
I can't cook the rotten meat, but I can try to eat!
Archeologist Leiphen : Chewing on... Yuck... ??!
Ugh... I can't eat. Sorry... You tried for nothing...
There is no one around here except me and you, right? I've been around here for days ^FF0000but I haven't seen anyone^000000.
If there are others, I can ask for their help.
Archeologist Leiphen : Really? Some people?
Did you see people? Oh, you should have told me earlier. Where did you see them? Let's go and talk now!
I want to ask them something!
I'm ok now! Let's go!
Even if we can't talk, I can still figure something out by looking at people's lifestyle.
Okay, let's go! Please show me the way! To the nearest place!
 - ^424242I didn't mean that about the talking part, but let's go anyway.
To the nearest place... ^FF0000Let's go to the hungry ^424242woman.^000000 -
Archeologist Leiphen : You said the nearest place is somewhere here? I'm all good. Show me the way!
Archeologist Leiphen : If 
Archeologist Leiphen : Hello, 
You are here again today.
As I told you, I'm not going to leave until I found the secret of this place.
Are you here to go to Narin?
Archeologist Leiphen : Well, eating and sleeping were solved in Alberta. I got a decent accommodation.
Uh, I didn't tell you. I'm taking a sabbatical year.
Archeologist Leiphen : Are you going to the Turtle Island to meet Narin? Let's hurry!
 - ^424242I think I saw something.^000000 -
Where am I? Where is everybody?
I'm thirsty... Thirsty.
Liar, liar.
You said you'd come back?
Ahha, Ahahaha, haha...
Ahha... ha... boohoo...
Where am I? Where is my boss??
Who is there? Who is there?
Ha-ah...ah, too cold.. I want to go back...
Anyone here? Anyone...?
Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Did you wait? Did you wait for me?
It's late, it's already too late.
 - ^424242It seems to be getting a little cold.^000000 -
 - ^424242I feel strange...^000000 -
 - ^424242I feel weird, but nothing is here...^000000 -
 - ^424242I'm in a bad mood...^000000 -
 - ^424242I heard something.^000000 -
This is a totem that glows softly in blue.
- You cannot enter the area because your level is too low.
- You cannot proceed because you have too many items. -
Ah! Ah! Ah!
I've heard that they hire adventurers because they don't have enough hands to defend the village. I guess that's you?
By the way, haven't I seen you somewhere? Your face looks strangely familiar.
Oops, I'm not in a position to compare similar faces... We're twins. Ha ha ha
Should I say hello? Nice to meet you. I'm Luanda, the defense manager of this cave.
For simple quests, we have prepared a request board, so you can find them and report them to me.
The quest itself doesn't have to be difficult, as you just have to go around the cave and deal with the monsters or bring the byproducts of the monsters.
Since you've been hired by the village, I'd like you to work hard and lighten the burden a bit. It's really hard these days. Please.
Then have a good time. Adventurer.
What's up, adventurer?
Told Luanda about the strange shimmering you had witnessed.
A strange shimmer? As you said, it's a really strange phenomenon.
I've lived in the village for a long time, but it seems like a phenomenon I've never heard of. I'm guessing, but I think it's just started happening recently.
I don't live alone in the village, and if someone had seen it, it would have been rumored, but hearing it for the first time would make my guess clear.
It could be dangerous, so if you find it, why don't you avoid it? There's no need to take a risk.
Reported to Luanda and gained experience.
Told Luanda about three young men you met and talked to.
Uh.. huh?! You saw me and young men who look like like my brothers.
It seems like it happened a long time ago. Unlike Mao, I don't have a very good memory.
I vaguely remember it. I did warn a stranger I met before I went hunting with my brothers.
It's not uncommon to see strangers in town, so my memory is hazy, but I remember it.
It's interesting. If what you're saying is true, doesn't that mean you've been talking to me in the past?
Ah! Come to think of it, do you remember the first time we met? Didn't I say I was used to being an adventurer?
As expected, I don't think it was a bad feeling. I really can't believe it. An adventurer who met me in the past...
That sounds like something similar could happen in the future, right?
I apologize. Deep down, I felt that it was annoying for adventurers to talk to me. Now, I'll ask you first.
If you ever go through something similar, please let me know. I'm begging you.
Told him about Karoo and Asudem.
Puhahaha I think you came to see the place where Hyung-nim and sister-in-law are dating.
Oh my gosh.. that place is where my brother and sister-in-law often went on dates.
My brother might think it's a secret place only he knows, but it's a place everyone in the village knows.
It's quite a popular spot among village lovers. It's quiet and a good place for a date.
Recently, I haven't had much to laugh about because of various things, but thanks to you, I laughed out loud. I look forward to the next story.
Told Luanda about who was painting murals in the cave.
Have you ever met me when I was painting the mural? I don't remember, but...
I think I can tell you why I painted the mural.
It's not much of a secret, but each of my brothers has a mysterious ability.
In the case of Karoo-hyung, he has the ability to see accurately even from a distance..
Maknae Maru has an excellent memory that never forgets what she has seen and the ability to read her opponent's mind..
I'm not always correct, but I can see into the future. Ah! I have more abilities than that.
I can see people's good and evil energy. In the case of adventurers...
I can feel the good energy that can't be touched. That's why I feel more bitter.
Coming back to the original story, the reason I'm painting the mural is because one day I dreamed of a village burning down.
Many monsters have come to town and people are crying out in pain because of it...
After the hellish dream, I saw myself recording the day's events on a mural in a cave.
Haha, don't worry too much. The dream hasn't happened yet.
Do you know? If I paint the mural in advance, will the future I saw in my dream change?
An adventurer I haven't seen in my dreams is helping us, so I'm sure we can change it.
Told Luanda about Mao, who was training alone.
Mao guy... you've been thinking about a lot of things.
Brother Karu lives separately from his sister-in-law, and we still live together, but I don't think he cared too much about his sister.
It's said that I lost my mind after having a painful dream, but somehow my anxiety...
Looks like he's been infested with Mao. Maybe because of his abilities, he's often swayed by other people's emotions...
He... training to become stronger... even if he doesn't become stronger... he's still enough...
Thank you. Thanks to you, I found out about Mao's troubles.
Told Luanda about someone who was taking something from the cave.
You saw that too. I think we've talked about it before. In my dream, I saw monsters coming into town.
And in preparation for that time, the village warriors evacuated the elderly and weak to this place, and they stored supplies here and there in the cave.
These are literally emergency items. It would be perfect if they were not used, but...
You don't know how the world works. If you find something, just ignore it.
Told Luanda about the story of meeting the villagers and the village chief.
You really came to see what happened a while ago. It wasn't as much damage as you saw in your dream, but it was a lot of damage.
When I think of that day, my heart hurts. All of a sudden, when my brothers were away...
Still, the village chief, the best elder in the village, seems to have suffered less damage because he was calm. Thanks for the story.
Told Luanda about the story of meeting the brothers who ran somewhere in a hurry.
You must have seen the day my brothers and I came back from hunting. There was a big disaster in the village and it was the next day.
Kuh.. If me and my brothers hadn't emptied the village... the people wouldn't have been taken by the monsters...
If so... my sister-in-law also...
I know. It's not because of me and my brothers.. but.. that day.. we.. .. .. it's just a pity
You've shown me, adventurer, something I wouldn't have seen. I'm just here to tell you what I remember...
Told Luanda about the story of seeing Karu and Asudem.
Ka.. Karu hyungnim.. hyungnim
That's the reason why you shut yourself up in the west cave.
I feel resentful of myself for not being able to help with the village defense.
Your heart... I can't even imagine your sister-in-law's... whoo... your sorrow...
When the situation here is sorted out, I will look for my older brother. He must be alone in pain and sorrow.
My heart hurts like this too, but if you know the youngest who struggles because of his abilities... I'll have to prepare. Thank you, adventurer.
Told Luanda about stories of unknown people.
It sounds like a conversation between a Wootan or Megalith monster targeting the village.
Follow a strong leader? Recently, I felt that the movements of these guys are disturbingly orderly...
It seems that a monster has appeared to lead them.
It's embarrassing. Even now, all we can do is block it.
This is not the time to be sad. We need to build more defenses and take other measures.
A strong leader is also a problem... but a power that has been handed down as a legend? This is a story I've never heard of before.
I'm guessing this is the reason why the monsters are attacking the village, but I'll have to tell the chief and investigate.
The story you just told me was really helpful. Thank you, adventurer.
Each and every request is precious. Thank you again and again.
You worked hard.
For quests that are recruiting in town, there is a separate request board.
Ah! Watch your mind. The location is in the middle of the battlefield, so I installed it in the corner for safety reasons.
There are cases where you cannot complete a request on the bulletin board right away, but there is no specific time limit, so don't be in a hurry.
Adventurer, you are really curious about everything.
The Luanda Caves are strategically the only way out north of town.
That's why we're defending against monster attacks here.
Ah! Did you notice? Yes, my name is Luanda too. The village elders say...
The triplets are said to have been named Karu, Luanda, and Mao after the village caves.
My neighborhood friends teased me a bit when I was young, but I don't have any complaints about the name.
I heard they were named after the guardians of the village. I'm rather proud of them.
It's very puzzling to us too. If we knew why, we'd have put everything away.
This isn't a town with plenty of food, and I don't think there's any particular reason for monsters to target it.
But what can we do? We're just living here, and the monsters keep coming, so we have to live while blocking them.
It's a bizarre shimmer that you're likely to be sucked into.
It seems like a phenomenon that can't be ignored. I'll have to talk to Luanda, the head of defense.
Brother? Are you ready? Are you leaving soon? Time is running out.
Yes. As the second said, we'd better start quickly. I don't feel very good.
Yes. As the second said, it's better to start quickly. I don't feel very good..
Hahaha, it's only one day. What's the big deal? Huh?!
Brothers, there's someone over there. A stranger?
Brothers, there is someone over there. A stranger?
Looks like a stranger? If I remember correctly, I haven't seen that face in the neighborhood.
If it's the youngest's memory, that's it. It's odd to be a stranger at this age.
Brother, I don't think you're dangerous. This isn't the time. Brother, let's go first.
I'll catch up soon.
Looking at the expression on the second's face, I see that the stranger has something to say? Youngest, let's go first.
Looking at the second expression, you can see that the stranger has something to say? Youngest, let's go first.
Take care. Don't be late...
Yes bro.
Yes, bro.
Hey stranger, look at me for a second.
You? Can't you feel anything but good vibes? What the hell are you doing?
I can see it. Hmm... you can't see it though.
I can see it. Hmm.. you can't see it though.
I'm telling you that I feel good vibes from you. Leave this place right now.
I'm telling you because I feel good vibes from you. Leave this place right now.
A lot of monsters will come to this town soon. Don't die in vain and leave this place.
The young man finished what he was saying and disappeared. He must have followed his brothers who went before him. What the hell is he doing?
Should I ask Mr. Luanda about what happened?
Karu.. How was the hunt today?
Karu.. how was the hunt today?
Hahaha Asudem... No honey. Don't you trust my skills? I caught plenty this time as usual.
Phi~ braggart, Master Mao has already told me everything.
I heard that only Master Luanda and Master Mao were running around this time? You lay on top of a tree and just shouted...
Wow... these guys are real...
Wow...these guys are real...
Honey? Who's there?
Who's coming all the way to this eerie place? Huh?! Really... It was a good date.
Honey, let's go, I think today's date is over. Hey, let's do some errands~ We'll get out of here...
Honey, let's go, I think today's date is over. Hey, let's go do some errands~ We'll get out of here...
It looks like I interrupted the couple's date. I need to tell Luanda what happened.
Uhm... It's a bit of a mess... but this is a great mural for my skills.
I draw what I see in my dreams, but... will the things I see really happen?
It would be nice if it was just a dream...
First, let's do what I can. Huh? You?
Ah! You? The stranger I saw last time!! Are you still here? I'm sure I'll...
The young man has disappeared. Didn't you say that this young man was Mr. Luanda? I should tell Luanda what I've been through.
Oh, why am I so weak? Unlike my older brothers, my abilities are not particularly useful in battle.
Huh?! You're the stranger Luanda took an interest in on his way out hunting?
Huh?! You're the stranger Luanda took an interest in on the way out hunting?
Should I say aloud since I met you? My name is Mao. I'm the younger brother of Luanda, whom you met the other day.
Hahaha Nice to meet you. I don't know if you noticed, but my siblings are triplets.
My brothers were abandoned in the village as babies. The villagers picked them up and raised them.
They also named them Karu, Luanda, and Mao after the caves around town.
They said it was the name of the guardian spirits that guarded the old village.
Huh? Why am I telling you this?
I think I lost my mind because the practice didn't go well.
I'm still training... in vain?! You can't believe someone else's...
I'm still practicing.. in vain?! You can't believe someone else's...
Karu has disappeared. I need to tell Luanda about what happened.
I think drinking water is good enough...
It would be most perfect not to have to use these things...
It would be most perfect not to have to use these things..
Huh?! It's you again? Don't you think we see each other quite often? The other day someone was talking...
Just disappeared... the words...
The young man has disappeared again. I need to tell Mr. Luanda.
Aagh!! It's an attack. Monsters are coming from all sides.
Cheap... where are the twins? They should be there...
Did the twins find out and leave? Be patient.. They'll be back soon..
Chief, what about the villagers captured by the monsters? They already...
Don't talk negatively. Everyone's alive. Cancer isn't alive...
Don't talk negatively. Everyone's alive. Cancer is not alive...
Ha.. But Chief..
Ha.. but Chief..
Huh.. What should I do... As Luanda advised, we have to escape to this place...
Huh.. What should I do.. As Luanda advised, we have to escape to this place...
Huh? You haven't seen it? Did you get caught up in your travels? Tsk tsk, you're out of luck..
We're in no position to take care of anyone right now, so take care of yourself..
The Chief who is worried about me has disappeared. I have to tell Mr. Luanda what I've been through.
Brothers, it looks like the hunt went well this time.
Something was a bit sinister, but I think this time it will be quite profitable, youngest.
Something was a bit sinister, but I think it will be quite profitable this time, youngest.
Huh? Brother, over there.. I've seen him before.
Yeah, I guess so? That's a face I can remember too.
Yeah, I guess so? That's a face I remember too.
I heard that the stern-faced second warned you, but what a fearless outsider you are.
Brother.. I'm all the same..
Brother! It's a big deal. Ma.. The smell of blood comes from the village.
Brother! It's a big deal. Ma.. The smell of blood is coming from the village.
What? Smell of blood? Smell of blood from the village side? No way? It's not time to pay attention to strangers. Let's go quickly.
The brothers disappeared quickly. I have to tell Luanda what happened.
Ahh! Asudem, why? Why? My... how did I find you...
Aww! Asudem, why? Why? My... how did I find you...
Ka.. Karu..
Hey, hey, hey, Asudem... honey...
Hey, hey, hey, Asudem.. honey..
Karu, don't be too sad.. You found me like this..
I... I'm... glad...
This.. it's not about dying.. their curse.. on you..
All.. you no longer..
Ah.. Karu.. My husband.. Sa..
Asudem!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I witnessed a sad event. I must tell Luanda about my experience.
We must drive out all the humans and take over the land.
Hehehe Other times, I'd say it's crazy, but if we follow a strong leader...
That's not crazy kkkk.
Once we claim the land, the legendary power will be ours too.
Sniff... I can smell the humans. It's not time to run into them yet. Let's go.
Sniff.. I can smell the humans. It's not time to run into them yet. Let's go.
Hehehehe I hope that day will come soon...
Hehehe I hope that day will come soon..
What about the beings I just talked to? I need to tell Luanda about my experience.
It's a bulletin board with things requested by the village written on it, but it doesn't seem to be the case now.
This quest can be done again tomorrow.
Chief
Your request has been received. Please report to ^FF0000Defense Manager Luanda^000000.
^FF0000Evidence of eradication of Megaliths^000000
Your request is in progress.
You can cancel. However, if you cancel, the progress made so far will be lost. Are you sure you want to cancel?
The request has been cancelled.
^FF0000Evidence of extermination of Wootan^000000
^FF0000 Megalith extermination^000000
You can receive the reward for this quest from Defense Manager Luanda.
^FF0000Evidence of eradication of megaliths^000000
There is a quest whose cooldown has not passed.
Some quests are in progress.
Are you sure you want to receive all quests on the Quest Board?
All quests on the quest board have been received.
Um... Uhm...
Oh, what a surprise!!
What's up? I'm busy right now, so I'll talk to you later.
What's up? I'm a bit busy right now...
Ah, you're the one introduced by Raket. I've been waiting for you.
Can you show me your fishing rod?
- Jerrymon began to examine the rod closely. -
Yes, that's right... this substance is just that... to discover it again like this...
Adventurer, do you know where the deepest part of the sea is?
It is a place called the ^4d4dffTrench^000000. To put it simply, you can think of it as a deep cliff in the sea.
It is known that there are hundreds of different types of trenches in the world's oceans.
The widest and deepest known trench is the ^4d4dffBahia Trench^000000 near Izlude.
There are rare life forms at the bottom of the trench, and marine scientists like myself have shown great interest and have been exploring them.
Though shallow trenches can be explored to some extent.
But in the case of the Bahia Trench, scientists have calculated that scientifically, no life can exist because it is so incredibly deep.
I recently found out that there is life in the Bahia Trench.
You can tell by the stone that contains my magic.
Yes, I'm a mage-turned-oceanographer. I learned magic for oceanography.
Enchant a large boulder and make it fall to the floor where the trench exists.
The magic on the dropped stone is connected to me, so by measuring the distance, I can get a little idea of how deep it is and what's going on near the stone.
To tell you what I found out...
The composition of normal sea water and deep sea water is almost the same. But the only difference is the deep sea of Bahia Trench.
Should I say it's like water and oil? There's a section where they never mix.
A strong boundary was formed where they meet each other, and it felt as if the deep seawater in that section was desperately blocking the seawater coming down from above.
The water pressure is also much lower than that of normal seawater, so it is assumed that it has a favorable environment for life.
We call it ^4d4dffdeep seawater^000000
Yes! That's right!!
We only identified the existence of Abyssal Seawater deep in the Bahia Trench, and it was very difficult to obtain samples. This fishing rod has a lot of Abyssal Seawater on it...
Could you leave this fishing rod with me? I think I can figure something out if I extract this sea water and turn it into essence.
Oh, and I heard that the fishing rod was found today. Can I ask you to check if there is another floating substance in the nearby sea?
Please come back to me when you're done!
Yes, thanks! I'll be waiting for you!!
I'm sorry to bother you, but please. I'll be waiting for you here.
Ah, welcome, adventurer!
The investigation is going smoothly~
Hey, could you take a look at this?
See those two little water bottles here?
One side is normal seawater, and the other side is seawater mixed with seawater from the abyss buried in fishing rods. I'll try mixing these two.
 - Jerrymon poured both waters into one bottle and began to shake them together. - 
Now, look. As I said before, they don't mix at all, do they?
This... this!!
If you shake it like crazy!!
<FONT COLOR = E68F8F><FONT SIZE = 16><B>Wow!!!!!!</FONT></FONT></B>
<FONT COLOR = E68F8F><FONT SIZE = 16><B>Uwachachaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!</FONT></FONT></B>
<FONT COLOR = E68F8F><FONT SIZE = 16><B>Ahhhhhhh!!!!!!</FONT></FONT></B>
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Keep... Whoa... Whoa... OK now.
- Looking into the bottle Jerrymon is holding, I can clearly see the shape of the vortex. - 
Now, do you see this whirlpool!! This is the passage that connects to the bottom of the Bahia Trench!
No. This is the stone that contains my magical power. Let's look at it.
 - Jerrymon put a glowing stone into the bottle. The glowing stone was sucked into the whirlpool inside the bottle and disappeared without a trace! - 
Did I ever tell you that the stone that contains my magic can measure the distance to me?
It feels the same as the last time I threw a pebble into the Bahia Trench..
If you follow this whirlpool, you may be able to find the owner of the fishing rod.
The problem is... the amount of essence on a fishing rod can't make a whirlpool large enough for a person to fit in.
Oh, just in case, I actually found it!
With this amount, I think I can create a vortex of fissures that normal people can enter. You can pass it to me.
The place is too small to do this much here, so let's do it in Izlude. In order to get help from your friends.
Then see you in Izlude!!
Then let's meet in Izlude!!
Thank you very much, adventurer.
I thought I'd never come back...
Hello, my name is Soup, a friend of Sirood who is missing.
The four of us, Sirood, Raket, Gein, and I often enjoyed fishing.
That windy day... I had been feeling very guilty for not stopping Sirood from going fishing.
When I heard that Sirood's fishing pole was found, I jumped out.
You must have a clue about something?
I did my best.
Should Sirood come back safely?
Sirood is back with us.
Thanks to you, adventurer. Thank you very much.
It's been exactly 3 months since Sirood went missing.
Sirood's fishing rod was found.
I felt that way.
Why is this only discovered now, isn't this a message from someone?
Ha... It's just my delusion. I especially miss that child today.
Heh heh... It's so hard to use all your strength...
But for Sirood's sake...
Thank you so much!!
Now you can fish with Sirood again.
I'm so glad...
You have too many items.
Please clean up your items and try again.
Haha... why did this only get discovered now??
It's impossible, this is...
- I feel serious anguish from this person. Let's come back after I've become level 140. -
Haha...why did this only get discovered now??
Oh, hello...
- He is very fidgety with a fishing pole in his hand. It doesn't look like he's out fishing. - 
This fishing rod belongs to my friend <FONT COLOR = 4D4DFF><FONT SIZE = 16><B>Sirood</FONT></FONT></B> who went missing three months ago. I found something!!!
Yes... Sirood is a fishing fanatic and came here to fish whenever he had a chance.
Influenced by Sirood, we also fell in love with fishing, and the four of us often had a good time.
Sirood's passion for fishing was to the point that he invited us to go fishing even in the rain and wind.
The day Sirood went missing was exactly the same rainy and windy day. I put on my raincoat and went to go fishing.
We were invited to go out together, but they all declined.
Sirood went fishing alone and we haven't seen him since...
I should have stopped you from leaving...
- Gein started talking again after wiping away tears for a moment. -
The news of Sirood's disappearance immediately spread throughout Izlude and a large-scale search was conducted with a lot of time and manpower invested, but the search ended without finding any clues.
After that, we got together and ran everywhere to find Sirood, but there was no result, and we were about to give up.
But just now!!
After 3 months!!!
Sirood's fishing pole has risen above sea level. His item was nowhere to be found during the search!
Yes, I'm sure! It's the fishing rod I've always seen.
This fishing rod was made by Sirood himself, so it is the only one. You can see the initials on the handle here, S.R.D!!
I'm so surprised and shocked right now that I don't know what to do.
- But looking closely at the fishing rod, I feel something different. This wooden fishing rod has been submerged in water for 3 months, but it still looks the same, and I can see a bit of shiny gloss... -
Strange, what is it?
Uh...
Uh.....??
It's been submerged in water for 3 months... but it hasn't corroded at all. It's completely fine??
Hmm... And it seems to have a subtle glow... It seems like the fishing rod is coated?
-The person who seemed to be Gein's friend who was listening to the story opened his mouth. -
Where is it, I want to see it!! What's wrong??
This fishing rod... It was submerged in the water for 3 months, but it was found in its original form, or worse, in a state of disrepair.
Um...
- Raket looked intently at his fishing pole, then answered Gein. -
I'm not sure either?
Certainly!! I don't know, but would you?
Ummm... but I know someone who might know a little about this rod.
Who??
His name is <FONT COLOR = 4D4DFF><FONT SIZE = 16><B>Jerrymon</FONT></FONT></B>, a marine scientist. I've met my father a few times. I know you are in the East Library of Prontera.
Ah, ah... then... hey adventurer!! I'm sorry for the first meeting, but can I ask you a favor?? We can't get out of here in Izlude...
Please go see Jerrymon and show him this fishing rod...even if it's trivial...I hope he has some information..
No... are you sure?
Are you turning around after hearing about this heartbreaking story and mysterious clue...
Ugh... Thanks!
^4d4dffJerrymon^000000 should still be at the <NAVI>[East Library]<INFO>prontera,192,264,</INFO></NAVI> in Prontera.
Now, I'll give you the fishing rod, a keepsake from Sirood. Thank you...
What??? It's a keepsake!! You don't even know if Sirood is alive or dead!!
Uhhh... yes I made a mistake, this is the fishing rod Sirood left behind. Please take good care of it.
I'll tell Jerrymon about the contents in advance through my father!
Thank you!!!
You can go to Prontera's <NAVI>[East Library]<INFO>prontera,192,264,</INFO></NAVI> as Raket told you.
Take care of yourself!! I hope there is even the smallest clue...
Ah, you're here!!!
Do you have any information about Sirood?
- I relayed what I heard from Jerrymon. -
Ah... I see, I've never heard of a trench before.
I can't believe there's such a big and deep trench near Izlude...
Oh, by the way, is there anything else you need for coming back here?
Oh right!!
It's a chunk scooped up with a landing net near where the fishing rod was found.
 - This lump is what Jerrymon said.
^4d4dffIt must be the essence of the abyss^000000. - 
Something shiny and has the same feeling of Sirood's fishing rod, so I secured it for now.
Could this nugget help?
Are you going back to Jerrymon? Please be careful.
I hope Sirood will appear in front of us intact, just as the fishing rod appeared intact...
Please let me know if you have any new information!
Heh...heh...Hello adventurer, heh...heh... I'm so tired I can't move...
Thank you, adventurer.
To be able to meet Sirood again is like a dream.
Ah you're here!!
We are fully prepared while the adventurers are coming.
- Gein gasps to say hello to his two friends. - 
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha... ah, welcome adventurer.
I'm not sure what the principle is, but I stirred it diligently as Jerrymon-sama told me to!!
Hee... hee... hee... ah... hello.
Okay, shall we begin?
The whirlpool will be created soon.
Hold my hand when I give you a signal!!
Yes, yes, go ahead and don't think about it! Just trust me~~!!
Okay now. Take my hand!
Wow! It spins round and round~~!!
Hello!!
Thanks to you, Adventurer, I am having a fun and exciting time every day.
Would you like to go to the deep sea again? I will follow you!!
Yeah... Then I'll be waiting for you.
Good.
Come on! Let's go~~!! Yay!!
Wow... this purple sea... it's fantastic!!!
It's so amazing that we can breathe without gills, there's no sea pressure, and even marine life that I've never seen before...!!!
There's more than one or two things to look into, I'll be busy.
Wow... so exciting!!! I think this is the most thrilling moment in my 14 years as an oceanographer!
Lululala~~~
Ah, ah... that, right? That should take precedence.
I've been watching the deep sea creatures here, and I've seen some of them glow with the essence of the abyss.
And they seem to threaten us sometimes.
Yes yes~ I'll be waiting for you here!
I'll be waiting for you here.
If you collect them, I'll create a whirlpool for you.
Oh, and this is a stone I found while researching. I've been keeping it because it looks like something that could be used by adventurers, so please take it.
Then be careful!
I'd like to save it myself, but as you can see I'm weak, heck.
Would you like to go ashore now?
Talk to me when you're ready to go ashore!
I found this again while waiting for adventurer. Please accept it!!
Okay, let's condense this...
Huh...!!
Now, Adventurer and Sirood!! Can you help me?? Ehhh!!!!
- A huge whirlpool was created in front of Jerrymon! -
Then I'll cross first!!! Follow me carefully!
I have everything I need for today's survey, thank you!!
Looks like you've finished your business. Would you like to move to Izlude?
Please let me know if you need any help!
Okay, huh!
I'm going to cross~~ Ah!!
Hello, research is going well.
If we do well, we might be able to make the vortex linking here and Izlude last forever!
So, can you help me a bit more?
Thanks!! Can you do something for me?
I need 10 right now.
Then take care of yourself~~!!
Come back to me when you've collected all the essences!
Thank you, I'll put it to good use in my research.
You've finished dealing with all the deep sea creatures, thank you for your hard work.
I'll get back to you if I need help. Thanks!!
The only person I can ask for is you...
Feel free to tell me if you change your mind!!
I'll be staying here for a while, so let me know if you change your mind!!
Hello.
No, my name is Jane.
Sirood...?
I think I've heard that name somewhere...
Hello, it looks like you've been here a while...
How do you like it? Isn't this a pretty charming place too?
I should go back to my hometown...
You said you were looking for someone named Sirood?
My name is Sunrin.
Sirood... ah, I think I know who it is.
Go all the way to the left, and you'll find him.
Then have a nice day today!!
All the people here are immigrants and settlers.
As you can see, there are traces of civilization in these depths, but everyone here was an outsider.
You'll get used to it soon.
Sea monsters do attack from time to time, but that's about it...
 - Sirood greeted me as if he had been waiting. -
It looks like the message I sent reached Izlude, I'm so glad...
About 3 months ago... I went fishing on a rainy and windy day.
After I caught my first fish, I tripped and fell into the water while trying to get it out with a fishing pole.
I was trying to swim as hard as I could to get out, but I felt something pulling me in with great force.
What, it looked like a whirlpool... I thought I was going to die... and when I woke up, I found this place.
I don't know why I can't breathe or why I don't feel hungry even if I don't eat.
And observing the surroundings here, I could see small vortices forming occasionally.
I had a hunch that it was the same kind of whirlpool I was swept into.
The duration of the vortex is very short. It took me 2 months just to put my fishing rod with my name on it into the vortex.
Waiting for someone to discover...
Are you sure you came to me with that fishing rod as a clue?
Ah, that's a relief... I'd appreciate it if you could take me with you when you return ashore.
- I think we should talk to Jerrymon about the work to send Sirood ashore. - 
Adventurer, please take me with you when you return ashore.
How is it? Is it worth living here?
It's deeper here than anywhere else, and it's amazing to be able to breathe freely.
I'm not sure how that works.
Your strength isn't enough to cross to the lower levels.
Please come back after you are at least level 180.
If you go downstairs, you will run into some pretty vicious fish. Would that be alright?
Please talk to me again when you are ready to cross.
Then be careful.
Hello, would you like to go upstairs again?
Thank you for your hard work. Take a good rest today and visit us tomorrow.
I heard that there are many dangerous deep-sea creatures in the lower layer, but when I came here, they were more dangerous than I thought.
Not too long ago, there was a lot of uproar when a creature from the lower layer came up to the upper layer.
The population of deep sea creatures is increasing. Adventurer, may I ask for your help?
Oops...
It would be dangerous if left unattended...
Thank you, I'd appreciate it if you could help me defeat the deep sea creatures or fishmen.
What would you like to do?
I think this is enough for today, please come back tomorrow.
These monsters are quite ferocious, so be very careful.
Please kill 10 of each.
They've all been eliminated, thank you for your hard work.
If you have time, please come back tomorrow. I'll be waiting for you.
They are quite annoying, so be careful.
Please drop by tomorrow when the time is right. I'll be waiting for you.
- You cannot proceed with the quest because you have too many items. -
We can't be like this...
But until an adventurer strong enough to get there...
== This is a level 160 or higher quest ==
Are you really in?
That's right. A lot of people said they saw it.
Since he said he was a ranger who injured his left arm, it can't be that he's the only friend he's ever seen.
What should I do? If I get hurt like that, let alone search...
Oh, wait!
There adventurer, wait a minute!
Have you been here in a while?
That's great. Here, we recently found a way to go deeper.
Hey, what if I tell you that! And it's not my research, it's yours!
You're saying that to strangers?
That's right! Adventurer,
sorry, wait a minute.
Yolanda: What the hell do you know how to do yourself?
Mirko: Hey, then should I go or the adventurer who just showed up?
What's up, I need to hire more people now.
It's not even a ruin, so how about going wild?
Let's stop making mistakes all the time and leaving it to me to do the follow-up.
An adventurer is waiting for you.
Let's chat later, huh?
Okay, so adventurer.
I'll get to the point.
I'm Mirko, that's Yolanda
And then one of the rangers, slightly injured, went into that newly discovered anthill I was talking about earlier. I think...
My goal right now is not exploration, I want you to rescue the Ranger and his friends.
Ranger's name is Briashen...
The colleague Briashen spoke of was Khahris,
According to Briashen, he looks like a twin to her.
Once you find either one
I want you to bring me out.
A corpse is fine, please.
Call me back when you're ready
What's wrong...
If only I had been a little stronger...
Have you seen Briashen?
You're alive? I'm glad... why didn't you bring me out?
Try talking to Mirko again.
I think you're thinking the same thing as me.
It would be nice if we could go too...
Take care of Briashen.
What a surprise!
Where did it come from?!
There were three people who looked like Khahris...
== Explained everything to Mirko and Yolanda. ==
All three disappeared in the middle of a conversation.
Besides, the last person you met was... Vitata?
Maybe... maybe..
Couldn't all three be the Khahris instead of the one who looked like him?
I heard Briaschen did that. Ants didn't attack me when I was with Khahris.
But at the end Maya...
If that was the case?
This is a hypothesis.
Khahris... was with Vitata, so the other ants obviously wouldn't touch it.
Aren't ants colonies?
But Maya is the ruler of dungeons.
If you can harm yourself...
I might be able to touch it.
Vitata's behavior is a threat to her status...
So what's really dangerous right now...
It's urgent, so I'll ask you quickly!
Please!
I'll be doing this research for a while.
It's not much. I'll do the money later.
Have you seen Briashen yet?
...I need to see what's there, too.
That's right! Adventurer man,
Sorry, wait a minute.
Adventurer is waiting for you
Okay, so adventurer man.
And then one of the rangers, slightly injured, went into that newly discovered anthill I was talking about earlier. I think ...
Find Briashen and his companions.
If you find either one, I hope you bring them out.
Anyway, the investigation hasn't been completed yet, so we're nervous...
Tell me when you're ready.
Yeah. ...This is how it happened... It was by accident. I accidentally broke the wall...
A force so strong that even we can feel it! Voila!
You can feel it beyond the wall.
What can I do? As an adventurer, if this place isn't a historical site and there are no traces of people... I'll have to look for it!
So... I pulled my hair out and looked into it.
Yeah... This bastard was really brave back then.
I'm glad you didn't die.
It's okay because I'm alive!
Anyway, this is the second floor, and the road to the first floor is over there, isn't it?
But... that's not the way!
But something was different, the atmosphere.
It feels like you're walking in a hazy... dream?
I feel like I have written the Asura Kingdom of Defeat.
Hey, most people don't understand when you explain it like that!
Whoops.
Am I dull...?
Anyway, even though it's strangely dark, it's like being here and not here... perception is peeling off from the body...
So...
Mild confusion.
Don't worry, it's nothing serious, I think I'm looking at something stupid.
I'm fine with guesses. Everyone's shape is different.
You can tell it's empty when you get out on the road, but you can't tell while you're inside.
In other words, even if I'm mistaken, I didn't go back to the first floor.
Yeah! Even though it was the same road, I felt like I crossed the line somewhere.
And also, the ants were super powerful!
How did you come back alive, it's a shame... Fortunately, the ants there didn't seem to come over here.
After that, I was going to stop the geological exploration of this side for a while and organize a new expedition.
Briashen, the strongest among us, went on a patrol, but it seems that the adventurers who will come around here are not at the level to form an expedition.
So either we went alone or he went alone... One day he saw someone there who looked just like him.
As I said before, some people may see falsehoods, but...
When it comes out, you know it's nonsense? But since Briashen came out and said that...
I think it was real. We've never seen it.
After that, we waited outside because the exploration results were good for going alone,
He came back with a serious injury the other day, and his colleague is still there.
You're being chased by ants.
But after being hurt like this... He said he needed to rest for a while, but he must have gone into that anthill on his own.
That is, life and death...
I can't guess.
We can't get in there on our own. No one can do that now.
Adventurer friend, save Briashen.
Please.
Okay, this way...
Are you going to find Briashen again?
You saw Briashen?
Are you alive??
Thank God...
But why didn't you come with me?
== Briefly explained what Briashen said. ==
...I can't help it.
I don't know if I can pull it out again... No, if it was like that in the first place, I wouldn't have asked you, adventurer.
Then, as Briashen asked, would you like to go downstairs to help him?
I can't help it
It would be nice if we went together, but...
Okay...
As Briashen asked, would you like to go downstairs to help him?
what?
Maybe... maybe
I'm fine now
Tell me
I'm a bit sane now.
It's just a guess.
Isn't Briashen having a longer hallucination than the other adventurers, rather than the illusion adventuring with Briashen?
Like Gona over there.
I can't stand it, so I keep coming in and out. What the hell did you see?
Oh, don't remind me!
A closeness so strong that you can't come back because you're possessed...
I heard you look just like me?
I don't remember.
I can't remember what Khahris looked like...
That's the worst thing I've ever seen.
How was it? Was it difficult to bring you out?
Ah... Come to think of it.
You said you saw fakes the last time you went in?
Did you see the real thing this time?
So what did it look like?
Is that what Briashen said?
== The Khahris that Briashen was looking at, only looked like an ant. ==
Was it a different face?
Looks exactly like Briashen
It looked real. I almost fooled myself.
They were like twins
Looks like I really can't remember now.
It's weird to the left and right, over there.
May I continue exploring?
Don't worry about that.
Adventurer's flair... Whoops!
Hey, you really should get some rest...
Thank you for saving me
I'm not going to go in there anymore...
About Khahris you told me about, I won't forget.
Huh? Then how do I investigate over there?
Take Gona with you.
I don't like Mirko. I won't go.
Khahris...
Thank you for remembering
Hey, adventurer! Then accept the request! Okay?
Would you like to go to the Garden of Perception?
Or do you have a request to take on?
Be careful.
It's fine today. I'll take care of it tomorrow.
I can't
Today, I have no choice but to commission other adventurers.
Okay, wait.
Then I'll take care of you tomorrow too.
I have no choice but to ask other adventurers for work today.
Then I'll ask you again tomorrow.
As you know, memory and perception are distorted in there. You seem to be fine, but
it seems to be alleviated just by the reduction of the monsters.
and come back?
Oh, another adventurer just went over there. I heard that the dizziness has lessened.
Human curiosity is unavoidable. Me too.
Then again, I'll take care of you tomorrow.
I picked up an unknown shell the other day. It seems that all the monsters in the Garden of Perception, like ants, have them.
Hunt the monsters from the Garden of Perception
What the hell is going on in there?
Mirko: Don't go if you're going to be that angry...
Really, that's... not a sane place to go
You go in and out easily.
I almost got in trouble...
CI....
What is it? But that Mirko guy is good at organizing things. He's a good client.
Don't talk to me...
Don't even pat me on the back...
I want you to go over there...
Thanks...
Something's weird here
... no, isn't that weird?
How are you? Are you weird?
Oh, I want to go home...
Where is your house?
Am I... a person?
Could it be an ant?
isn't it?
Is it a person?
It's strange. In my head, I know I'm a human, but when I see an ant passing by there, I wonder if I'm an ant
Are you... a human?
Uh, hello
Didn't you see the injured ranger?
Are you looking for Khahris too?
Yeah? Thanks.
Where the heck are you...
I can't even scream.
A man named Briashen...
I'm not hurt!
Who is it?
Mirko and Yolanda asked to bring Briashen out after she went in alone injured.
You're right that I'm Briashen, but were you hurt? When?
== I don't think you're lying. ==
== It looks normal on the outside, but could it be the effect of cognitive impairment that I have heard about? ==
That's weird. As you can see I'm fine. I'm looking for my friend who broke up here
His name is Khahris... he looks exactly like me
You can't go back until you find him
Tell Mirko that. Then see you later
Have you gone yet?
It's dangerous here. I'll find Khahris and go back soon.
Then see you later
Oh, I see you again
Have you met Mirko?
What did you say?
He said he wanted to help you.
Ah~ You look pretty strong. Thank goodness.
Still, Mirko was too weak to come in here to search, so it was pointless to worry about.
By the way, there are times when people have circumstances.
I'm in a hurry right now! Khahris might be in danger.
Did you hear that?
That's why Mirko asked me to help too.
Are you sure what?
A man named Khahris, is he real?
Are you asking the same question?
Seriously. We met here a few times, together with ants...
...got it?
Anyway, we met here. We were amazed at how much alike we are.
But a few days ago...
When we were together, a large Maya suddenly appeared.
I'm seriously hurt...
How are you?
Who was hurt then?
Am I hurt?
== This time, as Mirko said, Briaschen has a bad complexion. ==
== The bleeding should have stopped, but excessive movement will open the wound. ==
== But it's not the posture of someone who's been hurt somewhere. ==
== Perception and reality are twisted and overworked. ==
It's dangerous at this rate. You're sick, and you need to get out of here.
No, no. It's not me, it's Khahris
Khahris will be waiting for me... I have to go find it.
== Briashen sat down. ==
Let's go outside too.
No. I've never seen an ant here... except when I'm with Mirko.
With Khahris... not once except for the last time Maya showed up.
Let's hunt together...
What did Khahris... do with me?
Save that friend.
As long as Maya doesn't come, I'm fine.
== Briashen, who was searching for memories, was confused. ==
== I need to explore the dungeon first. ==
As long as Maya doesn't come, I'm fine...
What? What's your name?
Shouldn't you say that yourself first?
I'm Rwella
Didn't you see someone named Briashen around here?
== The name of the person Briashen is looking for is... ==
Why are you standing there blankly?
Do you know the name Khahris?
No, I don't know
That's kind of rude, answer my question too. Have you seen Briashen?
The name Briashen was looking for was Khahris...
== Waited for a while, but Rwella didn't respond. ==
Rwella?
I don't think that's my name.
But... I don't think it's Khahris either.
I think you'll find out when you meet Briashen.
Where's Briashen?
Briashen...
...I... I...!
I...
I thought...
== Welcome...? ==
== Where is the real Khahris? ==
I am Khahris.
Didn't you see a ranger named Briashen around here?
I see. I'm looking for you...
Oh, thank God! Where are you?
I came back here to look for him... but he was attacked by Maya and he was taken away.
What's wrong? Is Briashen all right?
== According to Bryashen, it was Khahris who was taken by Maya. ==
== Was it actually backwards? ==
Yes. I'm fine...
== But according to Mirko, Mirko has never met Khahris. ==
Do you know Mirko?
Okay, that's my employer. I'm sorry I did something.
What do you mean by that?
Mirko said she never met you.
== I waited for a while, but there is no response from the self-proclaimed Khahris. ==
Khahris?
Am I... Khahris?
== By the way, the Khahris that Briashen was looking for is not a gunslinger. ==
Yeah. I suddenly ran into a place like this and asked what your name was. You have a very strong heart. What is it?
...No, I was asked to find Khahris.
What? To whom? Maybe Briashen?
Is Briashen all right?
Huh? What are you talking about, I'm Khahris the adventurer. I told you before.
Briashen asked me to find someone who looked just like her and was a ranger.
And why are you doing this here without coming out if you're safe?
== I waited for an answer for a while, but there is no response from the self-proclaimed Khahris. ==
== Khahris gripped his forearm with great force. ==
== It hurts enough to scream! ==
Evil! It hurts!
Take me to Briashen's!
Leave this!
Who am I, Briashen...?
Who am I...?
Khahris!
== Vitata turned this way. ==
Briashen, that's dangerous!
Khahris...!?
Briashen. I'm sorry. I don't think we can go on adventures together anymore.
What?? No!
Khahris!!
== The words of Khahris can be heard from afar as if under water... ==
I can't go out anyway. Don't be sad. I wish I could be a part of your heart. It was fun.
Adventurer. I'm just part of the perception error built in when Briaschen came in here.
What are you talking about?
I would have disappeared anyway if Briashen didn't come, but thank you for coming to find me.
== I can't hear Khahris anymore. ==
== Maya is moving her antennae to hear a story. ==
== Maya and Khahris melted into darkness and disappeared. ==
The time has passed...
Why haven't you come back yet...
Cough Cough!!
^ff0000�� You can start this quest from level 150.^000000
Cough...cough...cough...
Ha ha ha... did something happen?
If I don't go and check it myself...
Cough cough
Cough...lucky...
-plop-
...cough...
Cough cough... cough
Cough...
That's true, but... Cough... My friend who went to the mine for work hasn't come back yet... Cough.
A few days ago, as soon as work was over... he left... he said he would come back...
He hasn't come back...cough...yet.
Cough...cough cough...cough
I've talked to the guards, but...cough...cough...they didn't take it seriously...
^ff0000Steven^000000 is not that kind of guy...Cough cough
If he hasn't contacted me yet, something must have happened.
It seemed like he was going to ^ff0000the first floor of the mine in Einbech^000000.
If you look around, maybe you'll find a clue...even if it's just a small thing?
Ah! Cough Cough!
You're back!
Steven is...cough
Did you find him?
As expected...cough cough...what happened?
There's no way they just sent money like this when nothing happened.
I ..cough..must go myself...cough..cough..
Maybe it doesn't help much, but...cough
My dearest friend...cough..may be in danger, but I can't stay still!...cluck
Cough cough..Adventurer..Cough..Take me with you!
I've been in the mines for most of these days, so my cough seems to be getting better.
My body has become healthy!
The air here is worse than the mine... Cough
Coughing young man: Cough Cough!!
Stand in line!
Do you think I'd give such advanced information to a stranger I am seeing for the first time?
If you're that curious, stand behind me and wait for your turn!
Information isn't something you get for free.
All the time and effort...
AAAAAAAAAA!!!!
Let go!!!!
You furry bastards!!!!
- A man's scream is heard from the front of the line. Let's check the situation at the front. -
Have you heard something strange?
Hey there!!! Don't cut in line!!!
One day, everyone started queuing up here, so I stood here too.
What's in front?
Well? I'm just here because I'm curious...
Everyone stands in line for days waiting for their turn.
Whoops, it's my turn to go in soon.
Whh..what happened?
I heard a scream when the man in front of me just entered.
I didn't even have time to look at that!
Flaw... Hehe... .
I've been waiting in line for days, but suddenly I'm not interested anymore...
If you're really curious, I'll give you my position. Why don't you go in and check it out?
I...it's not because I'm scared!
I just... I guess what is inside is boring for me now.
Because I've lost interest?!
The guy in front has already ran away!
Don't get confused!
- Can't get in yet -
- Wait a moment!!
- You have too many items. -
- You can't receive this. -
- Lighten your weight and -
- try again. -
Can't you let me go?!
Let me go!
This sucks!!!!
Steven: Can't you let me go?!
Oops!
Caught, I got caught!
Let's run!!!!
White Teddy Bear: Caught, I got caught!
Teddy Bear: Let's Run!!!!
What...
That's...
You there!
Did you see that too?
The Teddy Bear just...
Huh? The coughing young man in Einbroch asked you to find me?
Is it Acid...
I told him I'd come back right away, but what the hell was the rumor about? There were a lot of people and monsters waiting in line.
So how was Acid?
He couldn't sleep well because his cough got so bad.
I have to go back and send him to the hospital, but...
If I'm not mistaken, that's...
Ugh...things got messy...
Hey.
Do me a favor.
He has to go to the hospital today and won't have enough money.
I think I need to do some work here.
You go back and tell him that I'm all right.
Give him this money too.
When I go back... I don't have anything, but I'll give you something in return.
Steven: Please.
Oh you are here?
Did he go to the hospital?
Steven!
Why make people so worried...
No... why are you here?
Go to the hospital!
Do I have a hospital or a shop now?!
Okay...okay!
Be quiet for now!
Can you hear something strange coming from the north?
Steven: Ugh... nagging...
Okay!
Too many of them.
This is too dangerous.
Let's clear things up and talk again.
Whoa...
Did you send them out?
Aren't those just Teddy Bears?
Invading... they called themselves Nazarians, right?
What the hell is going on...
I'm out of my mind...
Steven brought it because he said he was looking for something salty to eat at home.
The pay is so good compared to the job, and the delivery place is also a mine, so it was a bit suspicious...
I've been told that idiot is excited.
What an idiot!
Thanks to you, I get hospital bills and your cough...
Oh... Come to think of it, you don't cough anymore, do you?
Steven: What an idiot!
Uh... is that so?
Come to think of it, I feel like I can breathe easier!
No matter how many times I went to the hospital, there was no improvement...
Maybe it was just the bad air!
Steven: Air worse than in the mine...
No, that's not important right now...
The doll we made is alive and moving!
They even tried to kidnap you!
Kidnapped... Come to think of it, I helped a man who was being chased by a terrific Teddy Bear on the way back.
...I'm not the only one brought here, am I?
I guess I'll have to stay here and watch the situation.
Acid! You can go back to the village for now.
Thank you for helping me too.
I can't give you much, but I'll give you the rare ore I found earlier.
It might come in handy somewhere!
Get some rest
If you overdo it, you'll only ruin your health.
Where do these guys keep popping up?
If you're familiar with combat, puppeteers who aren't familiar with combat won't find it easy to get out of here.
For now, I'm also taking care of it, but I'm not good enough alone.
I think I'll be able to breathe a little more if I catch 10 of them.
Then please help me defeat
Are you feeling a little safer now?
Um hahahahahahahahaha!!!!
Listen, people!
Finally the day has come when we will rise again!
?????? : Mmmhahahahahahahahahaha!!!!
Forget the shameful past of being trapped in the dark and damp ground.
?????? : Forget the shameful past of being trapped in the dark and damp ground.
This land!!!
?????? : This land!!!
This world!!!!
?????? : This world!!!!
Until the day they are at our feet, us Nazarians!!!!
?????? : Until the day they are at our feet, us Nazarians!!!!
Will not stop the invasion!
?????? : Will not stop the invasion!
Okay! A new body has arrived!
We will plant our holy core into the body that is only an empty shell!
Drivius! Come on get it!!!
Yes!!! His Majesty is here!!!
Ha ha... look!
This bright and beautiful figure...
People!!!
Brave newly born soldiers!!!!
?????? : ...oh...ahah...
Waaaaaaaa!!!!
Long live the Emperor!!!!
Hooray!!! Hooray!!!
Look at those dashing soldiers over there!!!
Awesome!!!!
The world will bow before the mighty power of the Nazarians!!!!!
Wait what's that?
Isn't that the doll we made?
I guess so?
It does not only look like that, it is the one we made!
It's the one who made a mess because you sewed wrong?? Yes!
What a mess...
That one has its own cuteness point?
...cute horns...
It looks like a rat has lurked into the sacred assembly.
Warriors of Nazarians!!!!
Punish the intruder!!!
From our name!
We'll do it!
Waaaaaaa!!!
Punish them!
It's an intruder!!!
Looks like we got caught?!
There are many enemies, so let's scatter and run away!
Take care of those chasing us appropriately.
Then see you near the exit in a minute!
Is this a dream or reality...
Am I dead... or am I alive...
We're... not supposed to come back...
I have to go back...
Whoops...don't rush me like that...
Hey... don't just stand there, help me...
Me... the Nazarians...
...Ah...
I want to end this... infernal nightmare...
Come on...
Ah... When will the peaceful rest...
...is the request yet...
Why is it still... not going away...
This horrible nightmare...
Kyaaaaaa!!!!!
You were surprised!
Thanks to you, I have been able to continue my studies in the deep parts of the mine.
Please come back again at dawn.
I barely made it to the entrance, but when I try to leave, he shows up and has been hiding here for days.
Sob!
It's over!!!
I'm stuck here forever!
Alive!!!
Did you see that?
You must kill it!
White Teddy Bear: Ah... dear Charlotte... to be in a place like this...
Teddy Bear: What have you done to me...
# (wrote 2962 new, 18 duplicates skipped)

# TOTAL UNIQUE: 5122
