 - Jerrymon poured both waters into one bottle and began to shake them together. - 
 - Jerrymon put a glowing stone into the bottle. The glowing stone was sucked into the whirlpool inside the bottle and disappeared without a trace! - 
 - Sirood greeted me as if he had been waiting. -
 - This area can be accessed from level 215 or higher -
 - This is a quest that can be performed at level 200 or higher - 
 - This is a quest that can be performed at level 215 or higher - 
 - This is a quest that can be performed at level 230 or higher - 
 - This lump is what Jerrymon said.
 - ^0000CDLevel 150 and over can do this quest.^000000 - 
 - ^424242......she is holding it with her bare hands and eating..^000000 -
 - ^424242...She wants me to leave with Archeologist Leiphen. Then she will remember...
 - ^424242Archeologist Leiphen held his breath and nodded.^000000 - 
 - ^424242As she told me, there are others... but he doesn't look like Archeologist Leiphen.^000000 - 
 - ^424242As the girl who was there told me, I squeezed the piece of the turtle shell, I felt the wind blowing my hair again.^000000 - 
 - ^424242Before my eyes were completely dark, my cheeks felt the cooler air from the cave....^000000 -
 - ^424242Beyond the door, it appears black, and nothing seems to exist. A reddish glow is floating in front of the black sky. A nervous looking girl appears.^000000 - 
 - ^424242Biting nails and the fingertips are messed up.....^000000 - 
 - ^424242EAylvar's voice is getting smaller and I felt dizzy. It's starting to smell like wet clay....^000000 - 
 - ^424242EStopped handing the piece over.^000000 - 
 - ^424242Hard to communicate with...^000000 - 
 - ^424242He seems ok. ..Ok? Just leave him be. Come back after dawn.^000000 -
 - ^424242I didn't mean that about the talking part, but let's go anyway.
 - ^424242I feel strange...^000000 -
 - ^424242I feel weird, but nothing is here...^000000 -
 - ^424242I grabbed the piece handed over by the knight. A small leaf is carved on the turtle shell. It's a bulky piece, but somehow feels warm.^000000 - 
 - ^424242I heard something.^000000 -
 - ^424242I nodded and recalled the bulky piece I had now kept by my heart. The sea breeze from the harbor blows by my ears...^000000 - 
 - ^424242I should be closer. After dawn, maybe calmer.
 - ^424242I think I saw something.^000000 -
 - ^424242I was looking at the piece for a while, but suddenly something seemed to appear in my head. Suddenly a gust blows and my vision gets darker.^000000 - 
 - ^424242I will come back again. I put my hands together on my chest.^000000 - 
 - ^424242I'm in a bad mood...^000000 -
 - ^424242If I don't come back, she will forget. Just right before I walk into the light, Narin's voice echoed from behind me.^000000 - 
 - ^424242It seems to be getting a little cold.^000000 -
 - ^424242It's a puzzling response, but it might help. As the girl told me, I held onto the turtle shell.^000000 - 
 - ^424242Let me check the other point. Let's go...^000000 - 
 - ^424242Let's go back now. It looks like nothing has happened to the professor, yet. I will come back later.^000000 -
 - ^424242Now I stand in front of the familiar light. Lightly waved my hand to Narin, she closed her eyes and held both hands together.^000000 - 
 - ^424242Oops. It's not Archeologist Leiphen for sure.^000000 -
 - ^424242Several days? It's weird.^000000 -
 - ^424242She can't remember, but even if she doesn't remember, she's different from the other ghosts.^000000 -
 - ^424242She told me the other place, ^0000CDthe other^000000 point. Is ^0000CDTurtle Palace^424242 nearby?^000000 -
 - ^424242Still a good idea to not get close. Let's wait for a day. After dawn, come back again.^000000 - 
 - ^424242Still... satisfied. Let's come back after dawn.^000000 -
 - ^424242The consciousness became far away, and the salty, slightly fishy smell of Alberta Harbor tickled my nose.^000000 - 
 - ^424242The girl glanced toward the back of where she was standing. Looking closely, it seems that something reddish is floating in front of the black hole. Let's go and look.^000000 - 
 - ^424242The girl said briefly and stopped talking. She looks sad....^000000 - 
 - ^424242The guy...? I finally found him.^000000 -
 - ^424242The smell of salty wind lifted the hem of my clothing. You can hear the waves of Alberta Harbor and the sound of seagulls....^000000 - 
 - ^424242There is someone. He seems to be muttering something but I can't hear clearly. He doesn't look like Archeologist Leiphen^000000 - 
 - ^424242There is the other point. Let's go...^000000 - 
 - ^424242This red light is invisible to Narin. It just seems to disappear.^000000 - 
 - ^424242Turning around with a small smile, Narin, holding her hands, was surprised and glanced over.^000000 - 
 - ^424242With empty hands, I think of the bulky but warm piece left in my heart.^000000 - 
(Braces himself and inhales.)
(Exhaling through his mouth)
(Glancing around surreptitiously)
(Lowering his voice)
(Shaking her head) You won't do.
*Barf*
*Burp*
*Chattering his teeth* C-c-c-c-cold. Get off me! You're too cold!
*Chomp Chomp*
*Gasp* Am I going to die? Am I? I can't believe I'm going to die in a place like this!
*Gasp* What the hell are you?!
*Glances at Mojo*
*Groan*
*Gulp Gulp*
*Guzzle Guzzle*
*Huffing Puffing*
*Moan*
*Panting* You're here.
*Retch*
*Retch* Oh, yes, thanks to you.
*Rumble*
*Shakes her head* Wizards.
*Slosh Slosh*
*Sniff* This way! The smell is coming from this way!
*Snort*
*Snort* If I drink anything because I'm hungry, I wouldn't be any better than those Matte Drainliars now, would I?
*Snort* Why would I do that? You're just going to run away with it.
*Snort* You can't beat mushrooms, but you can save vampires.
*Sob*
*WHIZZ*
*Wail*
*Whine*
*Whistle* Good work!
*Whiz*
*Yawn*
*Yawn* Where's the next relief?
- A huge whirlpool was created in front of Jerrymon! -
- A man's scream is heard from the front of the line. Let's check the situation at the front. -
- A moan is heard underneath the pile of rags. -
- A mound of sand stands awkwardly, looking out of place. -
- Again he lost consciousness, exhausted just from talking.
- Are you calling me?
- But looking closely at the fishing rod, I feel something different. This wooden fishing rod has been submerged in water for 3 months, but it still looks the same, and I can see a bit of shiny gloss... -
- Can't get in yet -
- Cannot progress with the dialogue because you have too many items. -
- Feeling awkward, you quickly leave. -
- Gatti mumbles to himself. -
- Gatti mumbles. -
- Gatti shows a thing that looks like a handle of a weapon. -
- Gatti takes the Comodo Leather from you. -
- Gein gasps to say hello to his two friends. - 
- Gein started talking again after wiping away tears for a moment. -
- He is very fidgety with a fishing pole in his hand. It doesn't look like he's out fishing. - 
- He seems to be asking for the Island name. -
- Hold it right there!! -
- How can I let you out?
- I feel serious anguish from this person. Let's come back after I've become level 140. -
- I relayed what I heard from Jerrymon. -
- I think we should talk to Jerrymon about the work to send Sirood ashore. - 
- Jerrymon began to examine the rod closely. -
- Lero seems pretty mad at someone and ignores you -
- Lighten your weight and -
- Like what?
- Looking into the bottle Jerrymon is holding, I can clearly see the shape of the vortex. - 
- Mastersmith Gatti is enjoying to process the Leathers you've brought to make the weapon. -
- Memo is making an ark. -
- Please make more inventory space available and come back to take this challenge. -
- Raket looked intently at his fishing pole, then answered Gein. -
- Seems that he is waiting for someone-
- Startled, you ran. -
- Talk to Instructor Rugen. -
- Taste of Sonia -
- The air is brimming with strange energy. -
- The old man gave a deep sigh of resignation and continued speaking. -
- The old man started to laugh like a crazy person after hearing the name of the Island. You decide to ask a little bit later. -
- The old man starts to cry. -
- The passage is barely wide enough to contain one person. -
- There is a pile of dirty rags. -
- There is error in the quest. -
- Wait a moment!!
- What revenge? How did you get frozen, anyway?
- You are carrying too many items to proceed with the quest. -
- You can't receive this. -
- You cannot enter the area because your level is too low.
- You cannot proceed because you have too many items. -
- You cannot proceed with the quest because you have too many items. -
- You explain the situation to Mr. Memo -
- You explain the situation. -
- You feed him a Sonia stem. The color instantly returns to his face. -
- You have too many items. -
- You hear a faint conversation going on inside. -
- You left the pile of dirty rags where it is. -
- You must be Level 110 or above to perform this quest.
- You should wait a little while. -
- You're carrying too many items and don't have enough inventory space to receive any rewards. -
- You're carrying too many items to proceed with this quest. -
- rummaging... rummaging... -
- try again. -
-The person who seemed to be Gein's friend who was listening to the story opened his mouth. -
-plop-
... although a lot of things happened, I'm still waiting for you to complete the first thing I asked!
... no, isn't that weird?
................Aww..
......Again ...I forgot again.....
......Do you know something?
......Fine. Arrogant or not. Think freely. I don't care anyway.
......I didn't tell you the long story to hear that...
......No one comes back. It's better to not come here. It's full of danger.
......No, it was a coincidence. They are, not like me.
......Not going to back?
......Thanks...
......Why are you mumbling like that?
......um.. Hey?
...? Are you a human?
...Ah...
...Are you not a human?
...Aylvar was right about this place.
...But... But I really didn't hurt anyone.
...Dracula? Why?
...Freeze them all! Freeze!
...Give me a sec. I need time to think clearly. It's been a long time not talking....
...Help me? Really? You won't let me die?
...How did you...?
...How?
...I can't believe it worked.
...I can't eat any more...
...I can't help it.
...I need to see what's there, too.
...I see. How is she?
...I'm not the only one brought here, am I?
...I'm sorry, can't move.
...I, I don't know the specifics reason... Just that it might be that way.
...I... I...!
...Isn't this guy just really cold?
...It is this place.
...Loud.
...No, I was asked to find Khahris.
...No.
...Oh, I see.
...Oh, right. Here... I give this to you. Here, you too professor.
...Oh, you need more experience. Excuse me.
...Oh, you're right.
...Oh. Thank you for everything. Um, I think it's time I should rejoin my group.
...Oh. Then can I ask you questions?
...Or not.
...Sigh. Alright, I'll do it.
...Sigh. You're lucky I'm too kind to just leave you here.
...Sorry for the danger.
...Stop dumping things on me!
...Thank you. I never imagined someone would say such kind words to me one day, but I've longed to hear them.
...That's a big dream, an impossible dream. Well, anyone can dream big.
...That's just outlandish.
...That's ridiculous.
...This is tiring.
...Yeah, yeah... Everything's clear, sir!
...You, still alive?
...cough...
...cute horns...
...got it?
...hick.
...huh!
...is the request yet...
...you're back! You plan to catch ^0000FFPalm Oil Fruit^000000 instead of me, right?
100 Comodo Leather, 20 Steel, and 10 Oridecon are what I need.
15 ^FF0000Burning Feathers^000000
20 ^0000FFFire Sandmen^000000
20 ^FF0000Scout Journals^000000.
20 ^FF0000Scout Journals^000000?
60 pieces of nuts, exactly. I will press the oil right now.
<FONT COLOR = E68F8F><FONT SIZE = 16><B>Ahhhhhhh!!!!!!</FONT></FONT></B>
<FONT COLOR = E68F8F><FONT SIZE = 16><B>Uwachachaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!</FONT></FONT></B>
<FONT COLOR = E68F8F><FONT SIZE = 16><B>Wow!!!!!!</FONT></FONT></B>
<FONT SIZE = 9>Um... these researchers look a little dangerous too? I think that's how all researchers are, to a person like me.</FONT>
<FONT SIZE = 9>Um...why don't we do it? There must be something complicated at the upper level. I don't know.</FONT>
<NAVI>[Pion]<INFO>sp_rudus3,380,42,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI> is in control of the path leading down to the fourth floor.
== According to Bryashen, it was Khahris who was taken by Maya. ==
== Briashen sat down. ==
== Briashen, who was searching for memories, was confused. ==
== Briefly explained what Briashen said. ==
== But according to Mirko, Mirko has never met Khahris. ==
== But it's not the posture of someone who's been hurt somewhere. ==
== By the way, the Khahris that Briashen was looking for is not a gunslinger. ==
== Explained everything to Mirko and Yolanda. ==
== I can't hear Khahris anymore. ==
== I don't think you're lying. ==
== I need to explore the dungeon first. ==
== I waited for a while, but there is no response from the self-proclaimed Khahris. ==
== I waited for an answer for a while, but there is no response from the self-proclaimed Khahris. ==
== It hurts enough to scream! ==
== It looks normal on the outside, but could it be the effect of cognitive impairment that I have heard about? ==
== Khahris gripped his forearm with great force. ==
== Maya and Khahris melted into darkness and disappeared. ==
== Maya is moving her antennae to hear a story. ==
== Perception and reality are twisted and overworked. ==
== The Khahris that Briashen was looking at, only looked like an ant. ==
== The bleeding should have stopped, but excessive movement will open the wound. ==
== The name of the person Briashen is looking for is... ==
== The words of Khahris can be heard from afar as if under water... ==
== This is a level 160 or higher quest ==
== This time, as Mirko said, Briaschen has a bad complexion. ==
== Vitata turned this way. ==
== Waited for a while, but Rwella didn't respond. ==
== Was it actually backwards? ==
== Welcome...? ==
== Where is the real Khahris? ==
?????? : ...oh...ahah...
?????? : Forget the shameful past of being trapped in the dark and damp ground.
?????? : Mmmhahahahahahahahahaha!!!!
?????? : This land!!!
?????? : This world!!!!
?????? : Until the day they are at our feet, us Nazarians!!!!
?????? : Will not stop the invasion!
A <NAVI>[ghost talking]<INFO>nif_dun02,37,221,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI>
A Human, I see.
A closeness so strong that you can't come back because you're possessed...
A corpse is fine, please.
A delightful day like today should be celebrated. Don't you think?
A few days ago, as soon as work was over... he left... he said he would come back...
A fight has broken out somewhere over there. Don't you want to go check?
A fight? ...No. What if the people from the Church found Bomi?
A fight? Oh no, we'd better hurry!
A force so strong that even we can feel it! Voila!
A horde of monsters surrounded me, keeping me from leaving,
A human?
A lot of monsters will come to this town soon. Don't die in vain and leave this place.
A man named Briashen...
A man named Khahris, is he real?
A new mission will be announced soon.
A notebook?
A place where only strong individuals survive and bite weaker ones...
A quick hunt would make me feel more comfortable.
A scout hasn't returned
A spell that will protect you for a moment.
A strange shimmer? As you said, it's a really strange phenomenon.
A strong boundary was formed where they meet each other, and it felt as if the deep seawater in that section was desperately blocking the seawater coming down from above.
A strong leader is also a problem... but a power that has been handed down as a legend? This is a story I've never heard of before.
A substantial amount of mana has been leaked out of the orb.
A town isolated from the world by the mountains, the people of Payon way of thinking is different from the outside.
A tree is blocking the entry to the temple.
A vampire?!
A weapon must have a handle.
A while ago, my friends and I decided to explore the Other World together.
A young scholar followed the soldier, but she doesn't seem reliable at all.
AAAAAAAAAA!!!!
Aagh!! It's an attack. Monsters are coming from all sides.
Aargh! What is this!
Abidal, enough!
About 3 months ago... I went fishing on a rainy and windy day.
About Khahris you told me about, I won't forget.
About the foxes' nightmares coming true, I mean.
About those walking corpses, of course!
Above all, I'll be giving up on myself, and I can't do that.
Above all...
Abyssal Solitude
According to Briashen, he looks like a twin to her.
According to Sage ^0000FFKasyapa^000000, you can help us create a ^006400Jaty Crown^000000.
According to my intel, the Demon God has several henchmen.
According to my investigation, Furious Ice Titans are as tiny as specks of dust in the air.
According to my investigation, Furious Snowiers were gentle creatures who loved to say hi to people.
According to my investigation, Gazetis were ice giants. They were so curious about this cave that they stuck their heads into it and had their necks shattered. Now they're roaming about the cave, looking for their bodies.
According to my investigation, these icicles have gone through a lot.
According to my investigation, this cave used to be a subterranean kingdom, and it was entirely made of gold, like El Dorado!
According to our assessment, what happens inside this place doesn't seem to ^0000cdaffect^000000 the outside world.
According to recent sources... Deep in the darkness of Niflheim, the dead hold a banquet,
Acid! You can go back to the village for now.
Actually the first scout named it, and the name stuck.
Actually, I've been dead for a while, but I've only recently come to Niflheim. So I decided to sleep here in this house...
Actually, it's more like a monster than a homunculus...
Advance Base Defender: Begone, monsters! This land belongs to the Army of Holy Light!
Advance Base Defender: Creature of Depravity, I command you to return to the Netherworld.
Advance Base Defender: Not a step closer to my base, monsters!
Advance Base Defender: Stop right there, monsters! Don't you dare get close to our sanctuary!
Adventurer Tamarin and his party went on a journey to the land of the unknown, Other World.
Adventurer friend, save Briashen.
Adventurer is waiting for you
Adventurer! You are the light of my life!
Adventurer's flair... Whoops!
Adventurer, I don't want to impose on your kindness, but may I ask you a favor?
Adventurer, I don't want you to strain yourself. Why don't you go get some rest?
Adventurer, I read in the notebook that the owner used some materials to experiment on zombies. I think they're Yggdrasil leaves and some drawings.
Adventurer, I'm going to take Brother Jubilee to Sister Gem. Could you take a look around this place? I'll be back as soon as I can.
Adventurer, I've been waiting for you! Did you get what I asked?
Adventurer, are you busy?
Adventurer, are you going to get the bat hair for him? Good, that means you'll take care of those Matte Drainliars. Their flapping their wings keep me awake at night.
Adventurer, are you leaving now?
Adventurer, can I talk to you for a second? I want your opinion on something.
Adventurer, come back tomorrow and hunt more Matte Drainliars for me, will you? It's so quiet without them.
Adventurer, could you bring me some more tomorrow? I'm worried I might end up damaging all these you brought today. Even if I don't, I can always use more samples.
Adventurer, could you get me some Clusters of Nightmares as well? I can mix them with the spores to make a paste and apply it on the wall.
Adventurer, could you take me with you the next time you enter the notebook? I swear I'm not going to steal the notebook. I'm just really curious about it.
Adventurer, did you forget what I asked? I need ^0000cd10 Sticky Bloods from Matte Drainliars and 10 Mushroom Saps from Neon Mushrooms^000000. Thank you.
Adventurer, did you know these catacombs under Geffen once were quiet and filled with special energy instead of monsters?
Adventurer, did you report already? Do you have something else to do here?
Adventurer, did you take care of what I asked?
Adventurer, do you know where the deepest part of the sea is?
Adventurer, do you want to enter the notebook?
Adventurer, how did you feel when you touched the notebook? How do you think it works?
Adventurer, if you're not busy, would you hear us out?
Adventurer, let's go!
Adventurer, not enough time has passed since you hunted last time. You need rest.
Adventurer, please bring me the bat hair. King, I mean, Mr. King, how much bat hair do I need?
Adventurer, please take me with you when you return ashore.
Adventurer, please? Don't I look pitiful?
Adventurer, see this luminous glow over here? It's from the shining spores you brought to me.
Adventurer, thank you for bringing these to me.
Adventurer, thank you for doing this for us.
Adventurer, thank you for helping me study. These glowing spores don't last long. Could you come back tomorrow and get me more of them?
Adventurer, thank you for trying to help me, but I don't want you to strain yourself. Why don't you rest for now?
Adventurer, thank you for venturing into that mysterious place for us. It'll be greatly appreciated if you visit my colleagues there and bring news from them to me sometimes.
Adventurer, thank you. Feel free to come to me if you want to ^0000cdenter the notebook again^000000.
Adventurer, wait!
Adventurer, welcome back!
Adventurer, welcome back! I've been waiting for you for so long! Did you bring the things I asked? Come on, let me see them!
Adventurer, welcome back.
Adventurer, welcome back. Could you help me today as usual?
Adventurer, you are really curious about everything.
Adventurer, you took care of them all. Thank you. They will also thank you from Heaven.
Adventurer, you're back already.
Adventurer. Did you have good dreams last night? I had nightmares, probably from looking at those manes all day.
Adventurer. I'm just part of the perception error built in when Briaschen came in here.
Adventurer. What do you think?
Adventurer?
After 3 months!!!
After I caught my first fish, I tripped and fell into the water while trying to get it out with a fishing pole.
After I handed the pieces to him....
After a few days of having nothing to eat, I started to eat anything I saw off the ground, and I had the worst diarrhea ever.
After all, his only transgression is that he loves his science too much.
After he disappeared, I persuaded the Elders that we must join the subjugation of the Demon God.
After that, I was going to stop the geological exploration of this side for a while and organize a new expedition.
After that, we got together and ran everywhere to find Sirood, but there was no result, and we were about to give up.
After that, we waited outside because the exploration results were good for going alone,
After that... I could stay a little longer.
After the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 is complete, there is a gift that I want to give to you.
After the hellish dream, I saw myself recording the day's events on a mural in a cave.
After they go away. They'll kill us if we move now.
After this, I'm going to go back home...
Again,
Again... Stranger.
Ah you're here!!
Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah! Come to think of it, do you remember the first time we met? Didn't I say I was used to being an adventurer?
Ah! Cough Cough!
Ah! Did you notice? Yes, my name is Luanda too. The village elders say...
Ah! Here is another one. Take care not to lose it again. And keep it a secret from Mr. Lero.
Ah! I didn't know that. I always tell Poby ^0000FF'Kemarau setahun rusak sehari.'^000000
Ah! Mr. Lero made you come here. I can't move because I hurt my back while climbing a tree.
Ah! Sorry. Tell Mr. Lero that I will go back if I can find a way to move.
Ah! Watch your mind. The location is in the middle of the battlefield, so I installed it in the corner for safety reasons.
Ah! You? The stranger I saw last time!! Are you still here? I'm sure I'll...
Ah! the material that I am looking for is Comodo Leather.
Ah,
Ah, Adventurer! Wait!
Ah, Adventurer. Good to see you again! Dracula is doing better, though he sleeps all day.
Ah, I'm not going to do this anymore. Tell that to the old geezers!
Ah, I'm sorry! Aww, this is just too creepy. Just kill me already. I can't watch the dreams you show me anymore.
Ah, I'm too inexperienced and powerless to do anything with them.
Ah, Junghee!
Ah, Sister Marina! Help! You've got to help me if you don't want to feel guilt over my death later!
Ah, a stranger to our land.
Ah, after all, the living do not hear that sound. This is my agony only known to the dead...
Ah, ah... that, right? That should take precedence.
Ah, ah... then... hey adventurer!! I'm sorry for the first meeting, but can I ask you a favor?? We can't get out of here in Izlude...
Ah, also you should go see Sage ^0000FFKasyapa^000000 who really wants to reward you with something.
Ah, did you come to see Yulma from Bullet Meow?
Ah, it died!
Ah, it is the ^006400Satay^00000 that I sampled when the tribe invited me some time ago.
Ah, our hero is back!
Ah, right! Are you busy now?
Ah, right! I forgot about Memo because the workers who gather nuts have not come yet. Sorry.
Ah, take a look. My head is falling out just with all the staff.
Ah, that can be a good way, but it will be hard to gather nuts as a starter.
Ah, that's a relief... I'd appreciate it if you could take me with you when you return ashore.
Ah, the feather......!
Ah, the next person whom I want the ^006400Satay^000000 delivered to is someone who stays across from the river, the ^0000FFTribe Manager^000000.
Ah, there you are! How was that place?
Ah, this old man's got loose lips
Ah, today must be my lucky day!
Ah, welcome, adventurer!
Ah, what do we do? They're stronger than I thought.
Ah, you changed your words!
Ah, you should talk to Sage ^0000FFKasyapa^000000 who really wants to reward you with something.
Ah, you're here!!!
Ah, you're the one introduced by Raket. I've been waiting for you.
Ah-ha, I found.
Ah.. Karu.. My husband.. Sa..
Ah...
Ah... Ah... Aaahhh...
Ah... Come to think of it.
Ah... Excuse me.
Ah... I see, I've never heard of a trench before.
Ah... I understand...
Ah... I'm sorry. I misunderstood. All the people who have come this far were weird kids or people who sold drugs, so I kicked them out.
Ah... The fox lady...
Ah... When will the peaceful rest...
Ah..ah.. The nice smell of meat.
Ah? Not going back?
Ahah, I'm full. I'm not die now. I'm full.
Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Ahem.
Ahh! Asudem, why? Why? My... how did I find you...
Ahha, Ahahaha, haha...
Ahha... ha... boohoo...
Ahhh... Ahhhhh!!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Ah~ You look pretty strong. Thank goodness.
Ah~ backache...
Ah~ my freakin' back is killing me.
Alive!!!
All clear!
All clear.
All he wanted to do was protect others, and he died without fulfilling that wish.
All here are dead.
All quests on the quest board have been received.
All right, Doom Prayers!
All right, I'll ask someone else.
All right, I'll prove it to you!
All right, then I'll just have to
All right, then.
All right.
All the dead must return to the earth.
All the energy that was sealed inside the cave has been released, awakening Ktullanux.
All the ones with dolls are so noisy.
All the people here are immigrants and settlers.
All the potions I found didn't help improve my weak constitution. All they do is boost strength that's already there.
All the residents here are spirits bound by the burden of resentment. When you're dead, obsessed with something you desperately want, and you'll always do the same thing without realizing it..
All the time and effort...
All three disappeared in the middle of a conversation.
All you have to do is just hit and disperse the moving globes of mana in the Temple of the Demon God.
All.. you no longer..
Allow me through
Alright! Deliver it right now!
Alright, let me begin crafting the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 I feel that I am ready.
Alright, then I'd better go get some rest.
Also, I've sensed an evil presence. Please be careful.
Also, could you hunt 5 zombies of each kind for that scowling priest over there? Thanks!
Also, please hunt 5 zombies of each kind for that nagging priest.
Also, thank you for the ^006400Satay^000000
Also, the feather you received isn't just valuable on its own, it also is an acknowledgment from our tribe.
Also, there's something off about people and foxes here, and I saw a strange-looking mage among them.
Also, you brought more than enough materials so after making the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000, we were able to craft a similar one for you to keep.
Although he is lazy and rather careless, he is the best worker.
Although it is a little boring...
Am I a bat?
Am I dead... or am I alive...
Am I dull...?
Am I hurt?
Am I... Khahris?
Am I... a person?
Amazing.
Among the homunculus in the intensive culture chamber, there are Mutant Chimera Lavaeter and Mutant Chimera Fulgor.
An adventurer I haven't seen in my dreams is helping us, so I'm sure we can change it.
An adventurer is waiting for you.
An adventurer showed up, just when I needed one!
And I have to back up and format the data I have collected so that I can receive new data, but I don't have the talent to do that...
And I want to do that without having to leave my colleagues to fend for themselves. Do you know what I mean?
And I want to keep it that way.
And I want you to meet that Guardian lady at the Laphine camp.
And I was thinking...
And I've still never had a girlfriend...
And ^0000CDthe meat^000000, ^0000CD10 pieces^000000 please.
And also the sparkling light...
And also, the ants were super powerful!
And as if that wasn't enough, those mages used their magic and replicated the reanimating process.
And forget everything.
And here, a sign of promise. Professor and brother. I'm glad you came.
And in preparation for that time, the village warriors evacuated the elderly and weak to this place, and they stored supplies here and there in the cave.
And just like before, don't give into the smell and try not to eat the ^006400Satay^000000.
And my allowance will be accumulating!
And my treasure... ^FF0000Munch^000000, munch... You brought ^BDBDBDmy^000000 treasure?
And observing the surroundings here, I could see small vortices forming occasionally.
And retrieve the stolen Bradiums as well.
And something has ignited their pent-up anger.
And suddenly you guys realize. That's strange. ...Then, it's over.
And that has nothing to do with the symphathy I feel for them.
And that was a long, long time ago.
And that's the only reason that kept the Church from further pressing this matter,
And that's why I want to see the notebook so badly. I want to know how it contains a world inside it and why it was only discovered now.
And the next thing I knew, I was turned. Dracula broke his promise.
And the others... you said you would help them. I'll show you how. How you can help...
And then one of the rangers, slightly injured, went into that newly discovered anthill I was talking about earlier. I think ...
And then one of the rangers, slightly injured, went into that newly discovered anthill I was talking about earlier. I think...
And they seem to threaten us sometimes.
And this time, she's completely lost her mind and entered the cave.
And vampires who understand humans? My goodness!
And what they call ^FF0000Blessing Stones^000000 are simply the debris fell off ^0000FFFire Golems^000000.
And while you're at it, please hunt ^0000cd10 Sweet Nightmares^000000 as well. I want to know how that affects dreams.
And who knows? I might find out a way to exterminate these zombies at once.
And why are you doing this here without coming out if you're safe?
And you brought that again.
And you came back unscathed? How?
And you shouldn't help someone because of who they are. Marina, are you really going to let him die because he's not one of us?
And you will stop asking me for this notebook, yes?
And you'll be the one to end it.
And you'll get some ^0000cdShort Bat Hairs^000000 too, right? I need a lot more than what you brought last time.
And you're still in town,
And, I saw something.
And, every time I performed the ritual, I had nightmares about the resentful spirits and wailing nine-tailed foxes.
And?
Angry Dracula: Bomi needs rest. I'll deal with you!
Angry Dracula: It's about time for Bomi to wake up. Humans, don't forget your promise!
Angry Dracula: Leave Bomi alone! Fight me instead!
Angry Dracula: Who dares hurt my Bomi?!
Angry Gatekeeper: Kye-Look! Living! Play! No need to go!
Animated by the Demon God's evil energy, those boxes are running amok about the basin.
Another Dead: He really can't sleep!
Another Dead: Noisy! Get some sleep!
Anyone here? Anyone...?
Anything I can do to help?
Anything go wrong?
Anyway they're so old and poorly preserved that they easily crumble to dust. I couldn't finish my research.
Anyway, I need ^0000cd10 Sticky Bloods from Matte Drainliars and 10 Mushroom Saps from Neon Mushrooms^000000.
Anyway, I really thank you.
Anyway, even though it's strangely dark, it's like being here and not here... perception is peeling off from the body...
Anyway, have you heard from Aylvar? I was hesitant when I heard.
Anyway, please take care of the ^0000FFWizard of the Truth^000000 in this place.
Anyway, thank you for doing this for me!
Anyway, thank you for today.
Anyway, the investigation hasn't been completed yet, so we're nervous...
Anyway, these mages, after they built the Geffen Tower, took notice of the blasphemous creatures that sometimes appeared in the catacombs.
Anyway, this is the second floor, and the road to the first floor is over there, isn't it?
Anyway, we met here. We were amazed at how much alike we are.
Anyway, you want to collect <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Dolorian, Plagarion, and Deadre</FONT> data.
Apparently, trying your best wasn't enough in this case.
Archeologist Leiphen : ......Oh, I thought I was going to die.
Archeologist Leiphen : After a long research expedition, I was able to have a few meals at the survey site..
Archeologist Leiphen : Are you going to the Turtle Island to meet Narin? Let's hurry!
Archeologist Leiphen : Chewing on... Yuck... ??!
Archeologist Leiphen : H...
Archeologist Leiphen : Hello, 
Archeologist Leiphen : How can I forget this place!?
Archeologist Leiphen : How did you know it was me?
Archeologist Leiphen : I am a professor of archeology.
Archeologist Leiphen : I'm ready. There are a lot of interesting things around here.
Archeologist Leiphen : If 
Archeologist Leiphen : Is there another one?
Archeologist Leiphen : Is this the place? I've been here a few times...
Archeologist Leiphen : It... It's an 
Archeologist Leiphen : Narin's stuff...?
Archeologist Leiphen : O..Old GGhost?
Archeologist Leiphen : Oh, you came back, 
Archeologist Leiphen : Oh, you came back. I was waiting.
Archeologist Leiphen : Okay, see you again!
Archeologist Leiphen : Or you can carry me out...
Archeologist Leiphen : Really? Some people?
Archeologist Leiphen : See you tomorrow, Narin. and you.
Archeologist Leiphen : Stomach growling...
Archeologist Leiphen : Then let me look around here for a while.
Archeologist Leiphen : This Turtle Island is, not the Turtle Island we know.
Archeologist Leiphen : Ugh, monster!
Archeologist Leiphen : Well, eating and sleeping were solved in Alberta. I got a decent accommodation.
Archeologist Leiphen : What does that mean?
Archeologist Leiphen : You said the nearest place is somewhere here? I'm all good. Show me the way!
Are we really inside a Moonlight Flower's nightmare?
Are you Poby?
Are you afraid you can't handle them?
Are you alive??
Are you all right?
Are you asking the same question?
Are you comfortable taking the mission alone or with the Rebellion's mission team?
Are you feeling a little safer now?
Are you from the Human Alliance?
Are you going back to Jerrymon? Please be careful.
Are you going back to find Leiphen again?
Are you going there again?
Are you going to find Briashen again?
Are you happy now? They don't look any different from the ones you're using, though.
Are you here to go to Narin?
Are you here to subjugate us?!
Are you looking for Khahris too?
Are you lost?
Are you on the quest to subjugate the Temple of the Demon God?
Are you ready for another battle?
Are you ready for the day?
Are you ready?
Are you really in?
Are you saying he smells delicious? Can I drink from him?
Are you saying that even though I am the leader of our tribe, I have not yet received that honor?
Are you serious?
Are you sure that's enough?
Are you sure what?
Are you sure you came to me with that fishing rod as a clue?
Are you sure you can carry all that stuff? Why don't you lighten your bag?
Are you sure you want to go down to the 4th floor of Rudus?
Are you sure you want to receive all quests on the Quest Board?
Are you trying to have your soul devoured by the Demon God?!
Are you trying to raise a red flag?!
Are you turning around after hearing about this heartbreaking story and mysterious clue...
Are you two still fighting?
Are you up for a short delivery job?
Are you well rested?
Are you with the subjugation party?
Are you... a human?
Are you? I was going to ask you a favor, but I can wait.
Aren't ants colonies?
Aren't they creepy? Every time I look at them, they look like they're mouthing, 
Aren't those just Teddy Bears?
Aren't you excited? Because I am! Hah hah!
Aren't you going in?
Argh!
Argh! I don't ever want to see them again! Let's go!
Argh! Why are you being so stubborn? I don't deserve this!
Argh, I can't believe you threw yourself in the middle of that! This is why I can't leave you alone!
Argh, I'm just gonna go AWOL!
Argh, I'm scared!
Argh, come on!
Argh, you're going to burn us to death!
Arghhhhh-!
Ark is famous for tourists, a guy bought many bottles by himself.
Ark needs ^0000FFPalm Oils^000000, made from Oil Palm Fruit.
Arrgghh-!
Arrgh!
As Briashen asked, would you like to go downstairs to help him?
As Chief of the ^8B4513Jaty Tribe^000000, I wish you the best of luck!!
As I said before, some people may see falsehoods, but...
As I told you before, it is heavier than you might think, so be careful when carrying this.
As I told you, I'm not going to leave until I found the secret of this place.
As I woke up, I felt the sea breeze from Alberta's harbor... In my hands, two pieces of this turtle shell.
As a representative of my tribe
As a result of the investigation, the chimeras that were being cultivated ran out of control due to an explosion accident and turned into monsters and were left unattended.
As always.
As expected from a hero. It is rare to find someone outside of the Rebellions who works with such sincerity and cleanliness.
As expected, I don't think it was a bad feeling. I really can't believe it. An adventurer who met me in the past...
As expected...cough cough...what happened?
As far as I remember, nothing like this has ever happened before. If we want to figure this out, we're on our own.
As far as others know, Avant's only responsible for me and Kar.
As long as Maya doesn't come, I'm fine.
As long as Maya doesn't come, I'm fine...
As the Great and Powerful Chief, you should be more than enough to qualify.
As things stand, I have no hope of going back to the mainland any time soon.
As usual, I'd like you to exterminate ^0000cdRestless Deads^000000. There are ^0000cdthree different kinds: Small, Fast, and Big. Please exterminate 10 each.^000000.
As you can guess many people were buried with it, and their spirits are hunting the cave.
As you can see from the jars around me, I am making ^0000FFtraditional wine^000000 for a living.
As you can see, there are traces of civilization in these depths, but everyone here was an outsider.
As you know, I live on that fake blood that I make with the ingredients I find around here. I'm thinking I'll make some more for Dracula as well.
As you know, memory and perception are distorted in there. You seem to be fine, but
As you know, we're here to keep an eye on them.
As you suspected, Ahat isn't a Sappha.
Ask him to be more straightforward.
Ask the young scholar there about Muyeon's whereabouts.
Asudem!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
At a glance, Sonias look like plastic tubes, but their structure is very minimal.
At dawn~
At first I yelled for help and moved around hoping to find others, but all to no avail.
At first, I couldn't believe all those rumors about the Demon God's hideout and stronghold.
At least I've saved enough money
At least my safety is guaranteed so long as the three knights are with me.
At that time, I was too distracted to remember where the opening was, but I think it's definitely ^0000FFsomewhere on the 2nd floor^000000.
Avant knows about the orb's mana better than anyone else.
Avant's over there. You can ask him questions if you'd like.
Awesome!!!!
Aww! Asudem, why? Why? My... how did I find you...
Aww! Err!
Aww! Kyaaooh-!
Aww, my wounds are fully healed, but I'm still in pain.
Aww, scary!
Aww... I'm scared...
Aww... Ugh...
Aylvar : 
Aylvar : Adventurer? Ah. It's you, 
Aylvar : He is a guy where research is more important than himself, so I want to stay closer to him.
Aylvar : I need your help. Please, quickly!
Aylvar : I saw it with my own eyes. It was right here.
Aylvar : I'm not sure how, but I knew that I barely escaped with my life.
Aylvar : Is there a way for me to go there?
Aylvar : It's hard to explain, it's clearly a Turtle Island, but I got goose bumps.
Aylvar : Leiphen, my friend... Please be safe.
Aylvar : Really? Good! Leiphen...!
Aylvar : Really? Oh. Leiphen...!
Aylvar : Ugh, it's the same wind like before. 
Back off, Humanling!
Back off--it's dangerous!
Back then, only a couple of monsters showed up once every decade or so.
Back when their village was buried..
Backaches don't just go away after one day.
Bad luck follows me wherever I go. Bomi even made me a lucky charm, but it didn't work.
Bah!
Bah, I'm cold and hungry... Oh, I was just talking to myself.
Be careful not to burn yourself in the process.
Be careful, something bad is happening inside.
Be careful--they can ambush you and snatch away ^FF0000Scout Journals^000000 before you know it.
Be careful.
Be careful: this place is overrun with dangerous monsters.
Be healthy and safe, traveler so you can live to tell the tale of your adventures.
Be honest, though. Did you really study hard? Did you attend every class, study all night, and practice hard? You'd better tell me the truth.
Be joyous, comrade!
Be mindful of the opening. It's quite narrow.
Be prepared for the miracle!
Be quiet for now!
Be sure to wear a Safety Helmet while trying to pick the fruit.
Beats me.
Because I can't just leave this to anyone.
Because I couldn't do it, either.
Because I didn't need to.
Because I let you. And I'm letting you breathe not because you're worth living, but because I'm too lazy to kill you.
Because I'm a monster. I belong here.
Because I'm a vampire.
Because I've lost interest?!
Because bats are stealthy, and they can fly. Oh, speaking of which, did you know the short hair of Matte Drainliars is used for making cloaking capes?
Because this is also a job, <NAVI>[Yulma]<INFO>pub_cat,94,43,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI> will give you a small allowance when you return.
Because this is also a job... Since I safely replaced him, the superiors asked me to take care of the allowance.
Because today's oil has not arrived on time, I think I might have a hard time.
Before you get in danger, get the person you were looking for and leave.
Beloved living, thank you for your mercy.
Berome
Besides, the last person you met was... Vitata?
Betrayed her? Hah? Where is she? He should've just let her die!
Between you and me, Mr. Memo is so fussy that he will not use any unfresh oil.
Beyond this it is dangerous, so access is restricted except for adventurers above a certain level.
Blazing, and Freezing Reincarnations, you'll find some mana crystallines.
Blessed be the mercy of the living!
Blood for the blood go~~
Bomi is away. I'll just leave these here.
Bomi is away. She has left a note.
Bomi is falling into a long, deep sleep.
Bomi is gathering her thoughts. I should talk to her later.
Bomi is stirring from her long, deep sleep.
Bomi saved me. She fed me her blood, so I could regain my strength. I'm not a living being, but that day, she gave me new life.
Bomi, I'll see you when I get better.
Bomi? Wait, you're that Bomi?
Boo!
Boohoo! Oh, God! I'm being treated so unfairly!
Both are creatures that imitate human form, but add a powerful transformation of the chimera properties to it.
Brave newly born soldiers!!!!
Breathing!
Briashen asked me to find someone who looked just like her and was a ranger.
Briashen, that's dangerous!
Briashen, the strongest among us, went on a patrol, but it seems that the adventurers who will come around here are not at the level to form an expedition.
Briashen. I'm sorry. I don't think we can go on adventures together anymore.
Briashen...
Bring me
Bring me 30 ^FF0000Fire Golem's Stone Teeth^000000 and 30 ^FF0000Fire Frilldora's Napes^000000.
Bring the blood of the monsters that roam Doomsland.
Bring them at least for Kardui of Eclage.
Brother Antoine and I will go. We're trained to fight. You are not.
Brother Antoine, you stay here. Sister Marina and I will go. Do either of you have a problem with that?
Brother Jojo asked me to never let you touch the book. Do you not remember that?
Brother Jojo! You're safe!
Brother Jubilee has left to treat his wounds, but Brother Jojo hasn't returned. I really hope he's safe.
Brother Jubilee, do you think you can move?
Brother Jubilee?
Brother Karu lives separately from his sister-in-law, and we still live together, but I don't think he cared too much about his sister.
Brother! It's a big deal. Ma.. The smell of blood comes from the village.
Brother! It's a big deal. Ma.. The smell of blood is coming from the village.
Brother, I don't think you're dangerous. This isn't the time. Brother, let's go first.
Brother, are you all right?
Brother.. I'm all the same..
Brother... Are you still here? The spell will be gone after a day, please come back after dawn.
Brother? Are you ready? Are you leaving soon? Time is running out.
Brothers and sisters, calm down!
Brothers, it looks like the hunt went well this time.
Brothers, there is someone over there. A stranger?
Brothers, there's someone over there. A stranger?
Brothers. Sisters. We need to talk.
But I don't want to hope. If you hope... you can be betrayed.
But I hate being hot, and fire could burn us to death.
But I won't resent you for this. I promise.
But I'll need some form of protection. I'm going to take Junghee with me.
But I'm afraid this is not over yet.
But I'm nervous all the same.
But I'm not about to give up!
But Maya is the ruler of dungeons.
But ^0000CDthere is someone here like you^000000. One who shouldn't be here.
But ^0000FFthey looked too strange to pass as human^000000.
But a few days ago...
But after being hurt like this... He said he needed to rest for a while, but he must have gone into that anthill on his own.
But at the end Maya...
But effective nonetheless. You didn't know you could use them like that, did you?
But even their sap cannot completely remove the toxins in the blood. And when I ingest too much toxins...
But for Sirood's sake...
But he really looked pitiful!
But how? Wait, are you offering...? No, thanks.
But if I'm honest with myself,
But if they make even the slightest mistake, we'll get rid of them!
But in the case of the Bahia Trench, scientists have calculated that scientifically, no life can exist because it is so incredibly deep.
But it turned out his son-in-law was also a thief. He ended up running away with the kingdom's most valuable treasure.
But it was different from what I previously thought of humans. I was starting to understand them.
But it was our one-sided request.
But it's been said only those who've earned a tribal honor
But just now!!
But let me remind you,
But maybe that only happens to me. I'm a new vampire, and I'm weak. Dracula has lived for a long time, and he's anything but weak. 
But none of my guildsmen has such a name. I read the book, and she did sound like she was one of us. ^0000cdNot anymore^000000, though.
But now I know the difference, It also has nothing to do with my health.
But now the problem is,
But one of them doesn't want to fight. She wants to talk.
But our bodies don't need souls for their survival. I still think those corpses are just?
But since this fake blood is not pure, drinking it regularly causes your body to accumulate toxins, which drive you insane until they are completely purged from your system.
But something was different, the atmosphere.
But that doesn't change the fact that your existence in itself defies our god's will. We can't leave you alone.
But that lizard is really strong. I suggest you fight it in a group.
But that story was so unrealistic and boring that it's not worth remembering. A lizard is just a lizard, right?
But that stubborn girl refuses to acknowledge that!
But the Nine-tailed foxes spirits are more enraged than we thought.
But there is nowhere to hear more about it.
But they could be using him as bait!
But they don't even have a body...
But they drink zombie blood! Yuk! I'll never drink dead blood, no matter how hungry I am. That's disgraceful!
But unless you realize us, we cannot realize you either. It's a good thing.
But until an adventurer strong enough to get there...
But wait, Adventurer. You haven't heard my side of the story.
But we have no one else left to perform the ritual.
But we need it to melt the ice around us. We'll be okay... I think.
But we will wait until you reach level 150.
But what can we do? We're just living here, and the monsters keep coming, so we have to live while blocking them.
But when the traveler came near, this feather started to shine, and I kept thinking that this is not just a coincidence.
But why a bat? There are other small animals.
But why didn't you come with me?
But with new culture and foreigners flowing in
But you're afraid of dying. And your days are numbered.
But you're dangerous to others, whether you like it or not.
But, ever since I became the tribe leader there have been difficulties making it.
But, this ^006400Satay^000000 is too tasty for just the two of us to share so we would like to share it with people out in the village.
But... I don't think it's Khahris either.
But... Sigh, I can't think of a better solution.
But... it does not seem to please you,
But... that's not the way!
But?
By the gods I'm a lucky bastard!
By the looks of your walk, you must have brought me 100 Comodo Leather. Hand it over to me.
By the way Gerbena, how is the Amicitia team?
By the way adventurer, weren't you looking for Muyeon?
By the way, I told you about the dangers of this fake blood. Remember? It leaves toxins in my system.
By the way, do you have
By the way, haven't I seen you somewhere? Your face looks strangely familiar.
By the way, the 4th floor of Rudus is quite amazing...
By the way, there are times when people have circumstances.
By the way, what brings you here?
By the way... If you were a drinker, who would have gone home on time, while you were alive, would you do that even in death?
By the way... how did you know that I am tired? Does my complexion look that bad?
By then, I'd fully regained my strength, and those humans weren't a match for me. But Bomi... she didn't want anyone to get hurt.
Bye!
CI....
Call me back when you're ready
Calm down ^0000FFChief Paiko^000000...
Can I make it stronger?
Can I participate with you hero?
Can we really learn the truth about the Demon God in this place?
Can you carry me out?
Can you clear up your inventory a little bit? I will be right here waiting for you.
Can you come back after dawn?
Can you do that for us?
Can you find the workers in the palm forest?
Can you hear something strange coming from the north?
Can you help Lero and bring back palm tree oil...?
Can you help me clean up these chimeras?
Can you help us?
Can you honestly say that you tried to push past your limits?
Can you hunt 15 <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Giant Caput and Venedi</FONT> each?
Can you prove it?
Can you see me?
Can you show me your fishing rod?
Can you take a look? I'll give you plenty of examples.
Can't you let me go?!
Can't you see we're having a meeting? Please leave.
Can't you tell from the sacred creatures!
Catch!
Caught, I got caught!
Certainly!! I don't know, but would you?
Cheap... where are the twins? They should be there...
Chief
Chief, what about the villagers captured by the monsters? They already...
Chunghae is having a problem investigating this place because of the angry foxes.
Chunghae said we're inside a Moonlight Flower's nightmare.
Chunghae!
Chunghae's almost done investigating this place. I'd better get ready to leave.
Chunghae, what are you doing out here?
Clink clink... Crackle!
Cloaking capes? Thieves and their ilk must love those.
Clock initialized.
Collecting the plant specimens doesn't sound too difficult. We can split them between us.
Come back after dawn and work with us!
Come back safely, you hear?
Come back safely.
Come back to me when you've collected all the essences!
Come back when you become stronger.
Come back whenever you can.
Come on! Let's go~~!! Yay!!
Come on,
Come on, I was only trying to help!
Come on, hit us hard!
Come on, it's me, Mojo. Don't you trust me?
Come on, that's it. Of course someone as talented as you can go to Niflheim.
Come on, what?
Come on...
Come to think of it, I feel like I can breathe easier!
Coming back to the original story, the reason I'm painting the mural is because one day I dreamed of a village burning down.
Commander: Soldiers, finally it's time to put your training to use!
Commander: WE ARE!
Commander: We fight evil!
Comodo Leather is the best material ever.
Comodo Leather?
Congratulations!
Correct. My army isn't getting much support, since this expedition has been solely my idea.
Cough Cough!!
Cough cough
Cough cough... cough
Cough cough..Adventurer..Cough..Take me with you!
Cough!
Cough...
Cough... cough...
Cough...cough cough...cough
Cough...cough...cough...
Cough...lucky...
Coughing young man: Cough Cough!!
Could he be Father Jubilee?
Could it be an ant?
Could it happen for sure?
Could this nugget help?
Could you check the number of your Sonia stems?
Could you come back after dawn?
Could you exterminate them and help me determine their identity?
Could you get me shining spores again today?
Could you go back to the Temple of the Demon God once more?
Could you go check up ^0000FFMuyeon^000000 for us?
Could you hunt some ^4d4dffAngry Nine Tails^000000?
Could you leave this fishing rod with me? I think I can figure something out if I extract this sea water and turn it into essence.
Could you light the twigs and place them around me?
Couldn't all three be the Khahris instead of the one who looked like him?
Creepy...
Crown-a-whatsis?
Curiosity is what fuels our life. It's the seed of development. Adventurer, would you hesitate to go to a new world because it's dangerous?
D-Don't touch anything!
D-don't come closer!
DIE!!!
DIEEE!
Damn ^BDBDBDit^000000... ^BDBDBDDamn^000000 it...
Damn ^BDBDBDyou^000000! Don't ^BDBDBDlook^000000 at me ^BDBDBDlike^000000 that... ^BDBDBDDon't^000000 look!
Damn... My plan is ruined. I invested all my fortunes to get there, but I failed. I can't do anything now, my boat has been wrecked.
Data will be collected automatically, so you just need to focus on hunting.
Decline.
Delicious, huh?
Delicious. It's so delicious. Happy. It's really good.
Deliver to whom.
Despite the destruction of the culture facility, the number of individuals continues to increase, so I would like to ask you to hunt about 15 specimens of each!
Destruction is a blessing!
Destruction! Blessing!
Destruction! Is! A! Blessing!
Dewata is always crowded but today is quiet.
Dewata island is always crowded but today is quiet.
Dewata island people do not drink much in the hot weather.
Did I ever tell you that the stone that contains my magic can measure the distance to me?
Did I make you wait too long?
Did he go to the hospital?
Did she tell you anything about... me?
Did the twins find out and leave? Be patient.. They'll be back soon..
Did the vampire call for help?
Did we fail again?
Did you already find
Did you come back or haven't you left at all?
Did you come to help us subjugate the Demon God?
Did you come to help us?
Did you come to laugh at my misery, like everyone else?
Did you finally get the recognition from natives?
Did you find Poby?
Did you find any traces?
Did you find him?
Did you find the scout?
Did you forget why Brother Jojo wanted you to stay here and stay away from the notebook?
Did you gather the nuts already?
Did you get it? But their blood is highly toxic. So I use these mushrooms to detoxify it.
Did you get payback? To the ^BDBDBDterrible^000000 monsters?
Did you get recognized by the natives?
Did you get some rest?
Did you guys make up? Dracula, the worst is over. You just need to rest and regain your energy.
Did you happen to hear our conversation?
Did you hear that?
Did you just call me a disgusting animal?
Did you just compare me to zombies?
Did you notice the worrisome expression on my face?
Did you run into any problems?
Did you see Instructor Rugen?
Did you see people? Oh, you should have told me earlier. Where did you see them? Let's go and talk now!
Did you see that too?
Did you see that?
Did you see the real thing this time?
Did you send them out?
Did you wait? Did you wait for me?
Did you... save me? I thought you wanted me to die.
Didn't you say you have to report back? Go to the exit. I smelled your friends there.
Didn't you see a ranger named Briashen around here?
Didn't you see someone named Briashen around here?
Didn't you see the injured ranger?
Die!
Dirty Demons.
Disappeared!
Do I have a hospital or a shop now?!
Do I look like a Novice? You're cute.
Do I look like a ^0000cdhuman^000000?
Do me a favor.
Do not exit.
Do you have a death wish? Haven't you noticed how hungry and ferocious these bats are? They latch onto anything that moves, these creeps! Take care of them for me, will you?
Do you have a sleeping pill?
Do you have any information about Sirood?
Do you hear some bugs buzzing?
Do you know Mirko?
Do you know a place where I can wash myself?
Do you know me?
Do you know the name Khahris?
Do you know what I found here?
Do you know? If I paint the mural in advance, will the future I saw in my dream change?
Do you mean it?
Do you mean those giant reincarnations?
Do you mind if I ask you a favor~? Actually I have to visit the Jaty Tribe, but this unmatured ^FF0000Ark^000000 won't let me leave.
Do you mind if I get rid of that bat?
Do you need a job? I know everything~
Do you really want me to show you? Right now?
Do you remember me?
Do you remember that we talked about Chesher?
Do you see those massive goons?
Do you think I'd give such advanced information to a stranger I am seeing for the first time?
Do you think this is one of the nightmares that Muyeon...
Do you think this notebook belongs to her? But why was it here?
Do you think you can help?
Do you think you can?
Do you want me to ^0000cdget their manes for you^000000?
Do you want me to hunt Fire Condors?
Do you want to enter the notebook? Are you ready?
Do you want to get frozen again?
Do you want to hunt ^0000FFFire Golems^000000
Do you want to leave?
Documents, files, data! Anything is fine.
Does he come to reality? He is good but lazy.
Does this mean I'm free? Free at last!
Doesn't it inspire you to help me?
Don't I sound pitiful?
Don't be afraid if you can't fight even Porings;
Don't be surprised. His singing voice really inspires courage and gives strength. He's here with us for a reason.
Don't blame yourself too much. It is difficult to resist the ^006400Satay^000000's addicting aroma.
Don't breathe. You too.
Don't compare us to those winged jerks!
Don't even pat me on the back...
Don't get confused!
Don't look at my ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000! ^BDBDBDI^000000 won't let you!!!!! Munch, ^FF0000munch^000000, munch...
Don't talk negatively. Everyone's alive. Cancer is not alive...
Don't talk negatively. Everyone's alive. Cancer isn't alive...
Don't talk to me...
Don't touch Bomi... She... I... We don't want to hurt anyone... She's taught me that...
Don't try to keep them from me: they're not useful for you.
Don't worry about that.
Don't worry, it's nothing serious, I think I'm looking at something stupid.
Don't worry. I will.
Don't worry. I'm here to protect you.
Don't worry. I've sent out an advance party.
Don't you feel the energy in the air?
Don't. Look at them. They're not normal. Happy will probably chew on you instead of his chew toy.
Done!
Doom Prayers!
Doom Prayers, charge forward, break everything in your path, and fearlessly swing your bare hands at those dangerous monsters!
Doom Prayers, don't panic! Stay calm!
Doomsland?
Dorolong Dorolong...
Dr. Tiblack sent you, so I should believe you.
Drac, let's go. I know you're not hurting anymore. We should really go back to our castle this time.
Drac, they won't leave us alone. Let's just get rid of them!
Dracula! Dracula! Let me heal you!
Dracula, hang on. Drink this.
Dracula, how are you feeling?
Dracula, what's that human to you? Why do you insist on staying in a place like this
Dracula? You mean the Dracula?
Drivius! Come on get it!!!
Each and every request is precious. Thank you again and again.
Eh, won't you?
Elder Jaegyom, nightmares weren't the only thing occurred to me this time.
Enchant a large boulder and make it fall to the floor where the trench exists.
Enjoy living until the end of the world.
Enough with that budget problem!
Enough with the lecturing. Get to the point already.
Enter the portal.
Enveloped in a cloud of vile stink, he remains silent.
Erm, how can I get the hair? By hunting Matte Drainliars?
Erm, you want to teach me?
Err, I'm scared!
Err, then I'll have to investigate something else.
Especially this traditional wine, which has been made for four generations! But ^FF0000Ark^000000 is short of supply.
Eternal life.
Eternal life...!
Even Kar and I can barely stand Avant, but he really needs your help.
Even if I forget you brother, don't go away...please.
Even if I look at you with my eyes I recognize your skills at a glance, please do something...!
Even if it's not for my dream, a cloaking cape will come in handy in various situations.
Even if they try to attack us, there are more of us than them.
Even if we can't talk, I can still figure something out by looking at people's lifestyle.
Even if you are busy, please spare me a moment of your time.
Even if you do, I won't hear it.
Even if you refuse, we can't help it...
Even if you won't, we're not going to let you go! Your existence in itself goes against His will!
Even if you're turned, you'll still be you.
Even the Elders acknowledged his talent and decided to save his life.
Even though Bomi was a strong woman, her body was failing her. It pained me to see her waste away day by day. I offered her eternal life, and she rejected it.
Every day, I spend most of my energy keeping the bloodthirsty bats at bay. I'd get killed if I didn't stay near the exit.
Every time someone tries to preform a ritual to the fox beads, they get nightmares.
Everyone else has pretty much forgotten he ever existed.
Everyone else who went there ^0000FFfell into a coma due to the noxious gas released from the rock^000000.
Everyone gave up after the first try. You did it three times.
Everyone knows about this, so ^0000FFDewata island^000000 attracts many tourists.
Everyone stands in line for days waiting for their turn.
Everyone, calm the hell down!
Everyone, hush. I smell something.
Everything has a cause and effect. How can you expect the adventurer to understand what this is about without knowing the cause?
Everything in this place is interesting. Especially those Sweet Nightmares. They're full of contradictions.
Everything is Her will.
Everything you say sounds far-fetched to me.
Everything's just the same as when you left it, but I want to clear this place,
Everywhere is burning with fire, yet the air isn't suffocating.
Evil! If you pretend to know, monsters will come!
Evil! It hurts!
Excuse me! No more work!
Excuse me, but I have an urgent matter to attend to. Can you wait for a while and talk to me when I'm done?
Excuse me, but are you Lero?
Excuse me, sir! No more work!
Excuse me.
Excuse me. I came here on behalf of Father Grimm.
Exit.
Farther east! We're almost there!
Father Grimm must be getting anxious by now.
Father Grimm, could you stop cutting in?
Feel free to tell me if you change your mind!!
Fight evil!
Fighting the Demon God is like every knight's wet dream has come true.
Finally I can sleep!
Finally ^BDBDBDI^000000 got ^BDBDBDit^000000... Finally ^BDBDBDI^000000 got...
Finally the day has come when we will rise again!
Finally, doomsday has arrived!
Finally, doomsday has come!
Finally, they all left. That was close.
Finally, you say something that makes sense.
Find 15 ^006400Cendrawasih Feather^000000s and bring them to me.
Find 15 of ^006400Cendrawasih Feather^000000
Find Briashen and his companions.
Find Poby.
Find the best oil master.
Find the best oil master. His name is ^0000FFLero^000000.
Fire?
Firebugs that crawl out of their pits die soon after.
First, I thought that he was lazy and it made me very uneasy.
First, I want to collect animal specimens.
First, let's do what I can. Huh? You?
Flaw... Hehe... .
Fly to the other side of the river.
Follow a strong leader? Recently, I felt that the movements of these guys are disturbingly orderly...
For Midgard!
For every monster I kill, one or more appear to take its place.
For me and my neighbors... for a good night's sleep.
For my home~
For now please hunt one box and let me know what you find from it.
For now, I'm also taking care of it, but I'm not good enough alone.
For now, let's light the twigs and try to melt the ice. Why don't you try to melt the ice around my friend first?
For now, the best solution would be
For quests that are recruiting in town, there is a separate request board.
For simple quests, we have prepared a request board, so you can find them and report them to me.
For the first time in my long existence, I really thought about humans, and what made them who they were. They also have this impulse to help others, expecting nothing in return.
For the glory of Schwarzwald!
For the life of me, I can't figure out what's happening.
For the moment I will give you 2 ^006400Satay^000000.
For the smooth operation of the subjugation mission,
Forget it. No matter how miserable I am, I don't need your help!
Forget the shameful past of being trapped in the dark and damp ground.
Fortunately for me, with the ^0000FFMorocc restoration work^000000 underway, I shouldn't have a problem making money through some part-time jobs.
Found alive.
Fourth floor? I'm in control right there...
From now on, I hope people from ^8B4513Dewata Island^000000 and ^8B4513Jaty Tribe^000000 can get along and interact more often.
From our name!
From this moment on, my soldiers will take over.
Funny Gatekeeper's Friend: No need to leave! Play with us!
Funny Gatekeeper's Friend: Sing~ All night~ or forever~
GRRRR!
Gartens are brave, but they'll want to understand why Bradium Boxes are found in this place.
Gather ^FF000060 ^0000FFPalm Oil Fruit^000000 and bring them to Mr. Lero.
Gerbena is heartbroken!
Gerbena, what are you talking about all of a sudden!
Get down!
Get more and take them to Barget.
Get rid of 10... monsters! Munch, ^FF0000munch munch^000000... Get ^BDBDBDrid^000000 of them!!!
Get some rest
Getting ready for a new day~
Girl : ......Are you here?
Girl : ......Think what you want.
Girl : Don't breathe! Don't talk!
Girl : I'm just telling you because you're so persistent.
Girl : If you don't expect, there's nothing to be disappoint about.
Girl : That piece.
Girl : The piece will help you. Hold tight.
Girl : What are you saying? I am the arrogant one?
Girl : Yes. Just... Go.
Girl : You don't need to know, you are going to leave anyway...
Girl : You don't need to know. You shouldn't be here. There are things you shouldn't know.
Give Sonia stems.
Give him this money too.
Give it to me, and I'll crystallize it for you.
Giving up my humanity for eternal life goes against my beliefs, all my hard work up till now, and everything I tried hard to protect.
Glad to see you again. I have reported the information to the Knights Division and now my job is to support Leiphen's research.
Go ahead, bring ^FF0000Blessing Stones^000000 and throw them at us!
Go ahead.
Go all the way to the left, and you'll find him.
Go and tell him I sent you, and find out if it's worth it to come!
Go away!
Go back and train some more.
Go back to Lero and get more, he will give you more if it was your mistake.
Go back with ^0000CDa scholar who has blue hair^000000. Do you know him?
Go back, stranger. And never be back.
Go back. ...you not should be here.
Go back. It's dangerous here.
Go back. It's dangerous...
Go back. You do not belong here.
Go get it done.
Go look for the scout in the place teeming with monsters!
Go see Chief ^0000FFPaiko^000000.
Go separately.
Go to the hospital!
Go with him.
Go, ^BDBDBDgo^000000 get it! My ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000! You can take it from them! My ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000!
God bless you.
Goddess is watching over us.
Godspeed.
Gone. Completely gone!
Gone. The living people.
Good Job.
Good job!
Good job, you guys!
Good job.
Good liquid needs fresh oil. I was able to make liquid for ten years and deliver it all on time.
Good luck exploring the temple. If you see Morocc again, don't hesitate to kill the Demon God again.
Good luck investigating the phenomenon with Chunghae!
Good luck.
Good work! Be careful while delivering them~
Good, because you don't want to make me angry.
Good.
Good. Field work.
Good. I don't know his name and where he is, but I can guess.
Good~~ This is the same taste I remember.
Gosh, I'm tired of those guys.
Gosh, you're so stubborn. Feed him. I'll keep them at bay.
Got it. I was thinking, now that I'm  here, I might as well help you while I can. I'm glad that I can. I'll be back.
Grandfather had a hard living since he didn't get many good sales.
Grant an idle old man a wish.
Great! We have enough. Wait a little.
Greenhorn, if you defeat those strong Demons, you'll find some mana crystallines.
Grr, let me go! Enough is enough!
Grr, why are you so evil?
Grr...
Grrgghh...
Grrr-!
Guide us to the inside!
Guillotine Fist!
H-help!! I don't want to die!
HEY!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha... ah, welcome adventurer.
Ha ha ha... did something happen?
Ha ha... look!
Ha-ah...ah, too cold.. I want to go back...
Ha-am...
Ha.. But Chief..
Ha.. but Chief..
Ha... Ha ^BDBDBDuh^000000, my ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000... My treasure...
Ha... Haha... Haha^BDBDBDha^000000ha...... Haha^BDBDBDha^000000hahaha......
Ha... I know, even if it's every day, there's a set time.
Ha... It's just my delusion. I especially miss that child today.
Haaaaah-!
Hah hah hah!
Hah hah, now there's only one thing left to try. That is...
Hah hah, we're not in a hurry at the moment.
Hah hah.
Hah hah. 
Haha, don't worry too much. The dream hasn't happened yet.
Haha... why did this only get discovered now??
Haha...why did this only get discovered now??
Hahaha Asudem... No honey. Don't you trust my skills? I caught plenty this time as usual.
Hahaha Nice to meet you. I don't know if you noticed, but my siblings are triplets.
Hahaha, did you hear that? It's like alcohol... No, it's like that if you drink magic and act like a hawk.
Hahaha, it's only one day. What's the big deal? Huh?!
Hahahahahahahahaha...!!!
Handed down from generation to generation the legendary origin of the crown is this feather...
Happy hunting!
Happy hunting, Adventurer!
Have I thought about losing?
Have a good night's sleep, and come back after dawn.
Have you already been there today? If so, how about taking a break?
Have you been here in a while?
Have you been there? Did you talk a bit?
Have you been there? You have completed all the tasks I mentioned.
Have you been well? You came back from hunting safely.
Have you ever met me when I was painting the mural? I don't remember, but...
Have you found Jojo? Where is he? Jubilee has left to treat his wounds.
Have you gone yet?
Have you heard something strange?
Have you met Mirko?
Have you noticed it, too?
Have you seen Briashen yet?
Have you seen Briashen?
Have you seen a monster called a Comodo Dragon on this Island?
Have you seen someone named Muyeon?
Have you taken a look at their wavy mane? Look at it long enough, and you'll see flashes of images, which I believe are from other people's dreams.
Haven't you delivered the ^006400Satay^000000 yet?
Having to coexist with heretics...
Hay!
He and I were checking this place when we found some fluorescent mushrooms. Brother Jojo's eyes gleamed and...
He and us are like two sides of the coin, or above and below the waterline.
He and us aren't exactly running parallel to each other, but maybe standing in a universe parallel to each other's.
He came back with a serious injury the other day, and his colleague is still there.
He can't leave Eclage while supplying it with mana that the orb can't.
He climbed the tree without any safety equipment, so he might've fallen down and gotten injured.
He could be sent by your friends. Human, answer me!
He could just be another character in the nightmares.
He couldn't sleep well because his cough got so bad.
He does not disappoint me.
He doesn't deserve commiseration.
He doesn't like it. He is more comfortable doing it alone, calm down, Gerbena.
He has to go to the hospital today and won't have enough money.
He hasn't come back...cough...yet.
He helped me and expected nothing in return. Such a random act of kindness is a human trait, isn't it?
He is on the first floor, and Rudus itself exists on the second and third floors.
He is pretty formidable. I wouldn't recommend ^0000FFfight him alone.^000000
He is probably disguised to observe monsters, but I'll give you the location, so go check it out!
He just came back from hunting. You should let him rest, at least for the rest of the day.
He means the ^FF0000Monster Bloods^000000
He might be troublesome, but please visit the Jaty village. Lero must complete the oil.
He oversees the destruction of everything--from the destruction of a star to that of an entire galaxy,
He said he doesn't like it. He is more comfortable doing it alone, calm down, Gerbena.
He said he wanted to help you.
He said he wanted to understand humans, so he could better understand her. And I think he's achieved his goal.
He shows big interest. ^0000CDHe said that it was made from the shell of a turtle living only on Turtle Island.
He touched one of the mushrooms, and it exploded.
He tried desperately to escape from this world, but all to no avail.
He used the unspeakable talent to disappear.
He was mean to me first! And he said he's busy. That's why I said go. Go!
He was really worried about you.
He's a good soldier!
He's a human, and humans move in groups. He's going to bring his friends to attack us. Did you forget that already?
He's a sensitive issue, so I can't talk to other Sapphas about him.
He's come to the battlefield, willing to ally with our enemy Laphines.
He's destined to endlessly roam the world that he's created in his mind.
He's fully recovered, but he still doesn't want to leave. I don't know why he's so infatuated with that turned human.
He's known for hiding very well, even though he doesn't have the skills to hide.
He's resting and rewriting his scout journal?
He's still licking his wounds,
He's still whispering that to me.
He's such a hypocrite. I can never trust priests again, and it's his fault.
He's worried that you haven't come out. He asked me to help you if you need it. Did something happen?
He... training to become stronger... even if he doesn't become stronger... he's still enough...
Hee... hee... hee... ah... hello.
Heh heh... It's so hard to use all your strength...
Heh...heh...Hello adventurer, heh...heh... I'm so tired I can't move...
Hehehe I hope that day will come soon..
Hehehe Other times, I'd say it's crazy, but if we follow a strong leader...
Hehehehe I hope that day will come soon...
Hell no, we won't go!
Hello!!
Hello, Adventurer.
Hello, Adventurer. How are you?
Hello, it looks like you've been here a while...
Hello, my name is Soup, a friend of Sirood who is missing.
Hello, research is going well.
Hello, would you like to go upstairs again?
Hello.
Hello. Are you an adventurer? How old are you? Is this your first time in this place?
Helpful Gatekeeper: Uh-huh-huh. Mountain, go up. Can't come down.
Helpful Gatekeeper: Uh-huh-huh. You don't have enough grooming to get through here.
Helping who? To me, that monster didn't look like it needed help!
Her safety is more important than anything else.
Here is only one piece I have right now.
Here is the Caress! Ask me any time.
Here you are!
Here you go. I can make a Caress if you bring me 10 Oridecon, 20 Steel, and 70 Comodo Leather.
Here, I brought the things you asked.
Here, I give you this. Can't eat though..
Here, a glass of Tropical Sograt, please!
Here, there are truths that we cannot find anywhere else.
Hero, there was a homunculus intensive culture room on the second floor of the Amicitia lab.
Hero, these are the things we would like to ask of you from Amicitia.
Hero, why don't you reconsider calmly?
Hero, would you like to join the mission tomorrow as well?
Hey stranger, look at me for a second.
Hey there!!! Don't cut in line!!!
Hey!
Hey,
Hey, I'm one of them, and I'm not going to let you talk bad about my predecessors like that!
Hey, I've been waiting for you. I didn't know that Poby's injury would make my life so difficult.
Hey, adventurer! Then accept the request! Okay?
Hey, could you take a look at this?
Hey, hey, hey, Asudem.. honey..
Hey, hey, hey, Asudem... honey...
Hey, most people don't understand when you explain it like that!
Hey, rookie.
Hey, stop loitering. You're going to get yourself killed.
Hey, there are too many of them! I told you to lure just one, not this many!
Hey, well-met.
Hey, what if I tell you that! And it's not my research, it's yours!
Hey, why are you carrying so much? Go lighten your bag first.
Hey, you bat, the one over there! Are you also a vampire?
Hey, you monk, over there. What do you think makes you human? What do you think makes a vampire a vampire? What if there's a vampire that's never hurt anyone in their life?
Hey, you really should get some rest...
Hey.
Hey... don't just stand there, help me...
Hilt?
His lips thin in silent embarrassment.
His name again is ^0000FFLero^000000.
His name is <FONT COLOR = 4D4DFF><FONT SIZE = 16><B>Jerrymon</FONT></FONT></B>, a marine scientist. I've met my father a few times. I know you are in the East Library of Prontera.
His name is Khahris... he looks exactly like me
His real name was? what was his name?? Ktulla-something. Someone once told me the lizard has been hired by the archpriests of Rachel to keep watch over a boy who is sealed inside this cave.
His second-in-command is angrily pointing his finger at you.
His will? God loves us all. Isn't that what you preach?
Hm!
Hm, I didn't know such a small amount of mana could produce
Hm, my mark had better stay where I left it.
Hm...
Hm? You're an adventurer.
Hmm hmm... I see!
Hmm!!!
Hmm, I have no choice.
Hmm, hmmm. The entrance down this slope is now restricted...
Hmm, it's okay.
Hmm, what should I do? Gerbena. Do you want to go?
Hmm...
Hmm... And it seems to have a subtle glow... It seems like the fishing rod is coated?
Hmm... I need more of those. If my ship didn't get wrecked, I could made it on my own, but...
Hmm... Like this?
Hmm... Sorry I couldn't get the Palm Oil right now.
Hmm... no.
Hmm....
Hmm? Have you changed your mind?
Hmmmm... Connect with my machine... Empty data...
Hmpf, alright, but if you ever feel pity for me, then come back and help me. Promise?
Hmpf, you should worry about yourself, you're dying!
Hold my hand when I give you a signal!!
Honey, let's go, I think today's date is over. Hey, let's do some errands~ We'll get out of here...
Honey, let's go, I think today's date is over. Hey, let's go do some errands~ We'll get out of here...
Honey? Who's there?
Hooray!!! Hooray!!!
Hope you two will be safe...
Hope you'll like it.
Hopeless, desperate, and poisonous.
How about I give you a gift in return for your favor? I know you want a strong body and longevity.
How about I go?
How about now?
How about two of us stay and one goes?
How am I defaming them when I'm only telling the truth?
How are the dead reanimated? What kind of vital force keeps them moving?
How are we going to use their cold energy, anyway?
How are you doing with collecting Sonias?
How are you?
How are you? Are you weird?
How can I be sure, you ask?
How can I catch it? I wish there was a way to take it to my lab...
How could it be?
How could that be...
How could you do this to me?!
How dare you challenge me?!
How did it go?
How did you come back alive, it's a shame... Fortunately, the ants there didn't seem to come over here.
How did you recognize me?
How did you sustain yourself so far?
How different?
How do you like it? Isn't this a pretty charming place too?
How do you make artificial blood?
How exciting!
How is Poby?
How is it? Is it worth living here?
How kind of you!
How long do we have to wait?
How may I help you?
How much more has it lost it's original form, and whether it has changed itself after the experiment.
How terrifying!
How was it? Was it difficult to bring you out?
How's Mojo doing? Heh, she's so curious, I feel sorry for Brother Grimm for having to deal with her.
How's the Temple of the Demon God?
How's the mushroom?
However, after meeting a violent storm, I arrived at a Turtle Island, but it didn't seem like the normal Turtle Island.
However, it is true that the number of rebellions to be deployed is a bit short since the total number of members is small.
However, there, the empty door... might have something, you might know about.
Huh, huh, I can hear the bomb head dusting all the way up to here.
Huh.. What should I do.. As Luanda advised, we have to escape to this place...
Huh.. What should I do... As Luanda advised, we have to escape to this place...
Huh... so you couldn't resist yourself, eh?
Huh...!!
Huh? Brother, over there.. I've seen him before.
Huh? But that's... I'd love to take a look at it.
Huh? Did you really visit the banquet hall deep in Niflheim?
Huh? I was talking about the cave in the back.
Huh? No, I've never heard that.
Huh? The coughing young man in Einbroch asked you to find me?
Huh? Then how do I investigate over there?
Huh? We didn't say anything about ghost. Or did we?
Huh? What are you talking about, I'm Khahris the adventurer. I told you before.
Huh? What do you mean? I will come back again.
Huh? What? I don't deal with peddlers.
Huh? Why am I telling you this?
Huh? You haven't seen it? Did you get caught up in your travels? Tsk tsk, you're out of luck..
Huh?! It's you again? Don't you think we see each other quite often? The other day someone was talking...
Huh?! You're the stranger Luanda took an interest in on his way out hunting?
Huh?! You're the stranger Luanda took an interest in on the way out hunting?
Human curiosity is unavoidable. Me too.
Human warrior,
Human, are you blind? I'm not a bat.
Human, did you just call me a bat? How dare you?
Humans can't be trusted, ever.
Humans die eventually. Is it so bad to die a little bit earlier? Come on, let's have a drink. This one doesn't smell good, though.
Hungry. I'm so hungry I can't move..
Hunt ^0000FFFire Golems^000000 and collect 40 ^FF0000Blessing Stones^000000.
Hunt the monsters from the Garden of Perception
Hunt those heinous ^0000FFFire Frilldoras^000000 and and ^0000FFFire Sandmen^000000, and bring me 30 ^FF0000Monster Bloods^000000.
Hurry before more people fall victim to those vicious birds!
Hurry, those monsters are
Hurry, those monsters are breeding even as we speak.
Hurt like hell!
Hurt!
I ..cough..must go myself...cough..cough..
I admire Hesranta's bravery.
I admit that my action sent my kinsmen in harm's way.
I agree that he might bring his friends, but not all humans are untrustworthy.
I agree that these bats are disgraceful, shameless, and disgusting animals.
I agree with Sister Gem. Also, it's not an everyday opportunity that we can see vampires from this close.
I almost got in trouble...
I also smell ^0000FFsmoke^000000.
I am Khahris.
I am Milla. I am now a resident of Niflheim.
I am always indebted to you. Good job!
I am from the Alberta Guard of the 1st Knights Division, Knight Aylvar.
I am not certain of when we will cross paths again but I hope we will meet again someday.
I am prepared like this, so I won't be afraid if I go later!
I am sorry, I cannot help now.
I am sure in the village of the ^8B4513Jaty Tribe^000000 there are many legendary stories.
I am the leader of this tribe
I am unsure of what is missing but that traveler could be big help in creating the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000.
I am worried because he went there again. He said he would come back after finds out the secret of that place.
I apologize for being a total jerk.
I apologize. Deep down, I felt that it was annoying for adventurers to talk to me. Now, I'll ask you first.
I asked you to come back... but you must leave today. It's dangerous to be here any longer.
I ate everything. Sorry. That's the only thing I can give you.
I ate them all.
I badly wanted to get rid of him from this world,
I barely made it to the entrance, but when I try to leave, he shows up and has been hiding here for days.
I became a wizard because I thought magic could compensate for my physical weakness.
I beg of you, don't ask me to return doing that again.
I believe that you will hold true to your promise.
I believed you would definitely help me...
I brought a few stems for memories' sake.
I came back here to look for him... but he was attacked by Maya and he was taken away.
I came here again. Well, everyday.
I came here alone on a recon mission.
I came on Kar's behalf.
I came out through the ^0000FFMorocc Dimensional Teleporter^000000 and used every ounce of my energy to get to Morocc.
I can do that too, you know. You just have to give me a chance!
I can eat anthing now. Please give me something.
I can eat anything in front of me. From head to toe...
I can explain.
I can feel other people's eyes on us. Hah hah.
I can feel the good energy that can't be touched. That's why I feel more bitter.
I can flick my finger at you if you want.
I can get through the night. I must.
I can go back to the ruined village.
I can hear you. Give up your obsession with it. That would be best for you.
I can now live some more.
I can see in your eyes
I can see it. Hmm.. you can't see it though.
I can see it. Hmm... you can't see it though.
I can see people's good and evil energy. In the case of adventurers...
I can see you are a traveler,
I can sense your fear about the possibility of witnessing the grace of the God of Destruction.
I can sleep at last.
I can stand up on my own.
I can symphatize with the soldier.
I can take down any of you!
I can tell he brought everything you asked. Come on, make a paste and apply it to the wall already.
I can tell that's not enough, just by looking at it.
I can't
I can't believe I have to fight alongside those accursed Laphines.
I can't believe I'm fighting beside heretics.
I can't believe how simple-minded you are.
I can't believe the Leader anymore!
I can't believe there's such a big and deep trench near Izlude...
I can't belive Muyeon had to deal with it on her own.
I can't cook the rotten meat, but I can try to eat!
I can't even move a finger because of the ice around me.
I can't even scream.
I can't explain what I saw. You have to see it to believe it.
I can't find. Gone... My daughter, my... daughter? My? baby...
I can't forgive ^BDBDBDyou^000000!!! I will^BDBDBDfind^000000 and ^BDBDBDkill^000000 you all!! ^FF0000munch^000000... munch...
I can't give you much, but I'll give you the rare ore I found earlier.
I can't go out anyway. Don't be sad. I wish I could be a part of your heart. It was fun.
I can't guess.
I can't help it
I can't leave here just yet. There are still many things in this place I want to know about.
I can't move at all 'cuz of this backache...
I can't move without chewing and swallowing something...
I can't remember what Khahris looked like...
I can't say I understand your logic, but I'll respect your wishes.
I can't say how glad I am to have you here. Now that there are four of us, ^0000cdtwo of us can stay while the other two look^000000.
I can't sleep
I can't sleep at night because it's so noisy next door.
I can't stand it, so I keep coming in and out. What the hell did you see?
I can't stay here. Father Grimm, I have to go in there. Let me go, please!
I can't stop asking you for favors.
I can't stop them from following me!
I can't thank you enough.
I can't trust anyone else.
I can't trust her with the notebook. If something happens to it, the people inside it might not be able to come back.
I can't wait it out like I used to.
I can't. You're twisting the facts to make yourself look good.
I can't... find. My baby. Gone. My... lovely daughter.
I cannot allow anyone to go in there.
I cannot get you your reward unless you reduce the amount of weighty items you are carrying.
I checked the mound of dirt to look for twigs.
I clearly remembered giving you 30 bottles of palm tree oil, did you lose it all?
I command you again.
I completed my guild's official wizard training program. I'm strong enough to have a contest with you!
I could even eat ^0000FFMonster's Feed^000000. Please...
I could have run already if only I were alone.
I couldn't believe he turned me into a monster. I trusted him!
I couldn't find the last material anywhere.
I couldn't get ^BDBDBDit^000000... The damn ^BDBDBDmon^000000.. monsters...
I couldn't get over the fact that I became a monster, but now I know better. I may not be a human anymore, but I'm still me.
I couldn't hear anything, but the dead around me seem to be in an uproar.
I couldn't let our tradition fade away like that easily.
I couldn't talk to them, so I just jumped into the Crack that they came through.
I couldn't tell if it was just neglected or intentionally.
I demand an assistant!
I did my best.
I did what I did to save her, and I understand she resents me for it.
I didn't even have time to look at that!
I didn't expect to see so many people.
I didn't expect to see you here!
I didn't know I was talented at this. If I had ^0000cdenough time to live^000000, I would've had many different experiences. I might have chosen a different path.
I didn't know how many days had passed before I saw a group of some entities that I thought were men at a glance.
I didn't know that there was
I didn't know there was an aspiring thief among us. Huh.
I didn't know you when you were a human, but I don't think you were different from who you are now. You're still trying to protect what's important to you.
I didn't mean to be nosy. I had to know who it belonged to, so I could?
I didn't realize a strong mind comes from a strong body, though...
I didn't understand why vampires would help humans, but now I know. Dracula learned from Bomi how to be more human.
I didn't want to go through the mouths of as many people as possible, so the Rebellion units were excluded from this job.
I do not know you, but
I do, but I don't want to give up my humanity for them.
I do.
I don't care; I still need them to show to my superiors.
I don't even know how to thank you.
I don't have any more to say.
I don't know how it has been connected to reality,
I don't know how they've become reality. I doubt anyone knows, really.
I don't know how to repay you.
I don't know if I can pull it out again... No, if it was like that in the first place, I wouldn't have asked you, adventurer.
I don't know if they have any purpose, but they sure look beautiful and mysterious. Maybe someone outside this place can recognize its value.
I don't know what kind of shape the mana is taking at the moment, but you won't mistake it for anything else.
I don't know why I can't breathe or why I don't feel hungry even if I don't eat.
I don't know why somebody put such an important thing in fine print. Anyway, after reading that, I invested all my fortunes to find that Island.
I don't know why you thought he looked pitiful, but that's not important.
I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know where you came from, how could I know?
I don't like Mirko. I won't go.
I don't live alone in the village, and if someone had seen it, it would have been rumored, but hearing it for the first time would make my guess clear.
I don't need to be ... alone...?
I don't remember asking for your assistance, yet.
I don't remember seeing ^0000FFso many strange animals and plants^000000 either.
I don't remember this rock was so big.
I don't remember.
I don't think that's my name.
I don't think those zombies have souls.
I don't understand her logic. How could she possibly want to die as a human than live as a vampire? How could she think the gift of eternal life is a betrayal?
I don't understand this;
I don't want to be frozen again!
I don't want to go in
I don't want to impose on your kindness, but I hope you'll continue to hunt these boxes.
I don't want to worry anymore!
I draw what I see in my dreams, but... will the things I see really happen?
I drink fake blood that I make with the ingredients I can find here. I may look ^0000cdhuman enough^000000, but I'm not. Not really.
I express my thanks to you.
I fainted in the middle of learning a new spell, again.
I feel as if I traveled back in time, studying by this dim light.
I feel excited to wash myself with the special water!
I feel like I have written the Asura Kingdom of Defeat.
I feel resentful of myself for not being able to help with the village defense.
I felt like I could do research even after dying, so I felt better.
I felt that way.
I finished making the weapon. This is called Caress according to the blueprint.
I forgot to tell you ^0000FFnot to go near the rock in the center of this place^000000.
I found a mysterious Weapon blueprint, but I don't remember exactly when I acquired it.
I found this again while waiting for adventurer. Please accept it!!
I found.
I give my thanks.
I got a call. Are you here to renew the chip?
I got betrayed by my best friend.
I got sucked into some strange place, separated from the rest of my party. The place I arrived was terrible. There was no sign of Human habitation.
I guess I have to leave now.
I guess I'll be staying here until I find them all.
I guess I'll have to stay here and watch the situation.
I guess not yet. I'm asking around everywhere, but I couldn't find a way to get recognized from natives. I don't know when I could finish making this weapon.
I guess so?
I guess you are busy.
I had a dream~
I had a hunch that it was the same kind of whirlpool I was swept into.
I had nothing to do with it.
I hate the Leader!
I hate to repeat myself,
I have a good idea.
I have a question for you, King.
I have all the twigs I need. I should go back to Zeith and Vrid.
I have an empty bottle? oh, I forgot I lost my bag when I was attacked.
I have an uneasy feeling that a dreadful is going to take place.
I have everything I need for today's survey, thank you!!
I have heard recently.
I have high hopes for my research.
I have my treasure ^BDBDBDnow^000000... It's shiny... Pretty.
I have no choice but to ask other adventurers for work today.
I have no choice but to hire a strong and sincere adventurer. Hmm...
I have nothing to say to you
I have nothing to say.
I have other things to do.
I have some, but you seem to have too much stuff with you.
I have this nagging sense of misgiving.
I have time.
I have to go back and send him to the hospital, but...
I have to go back to my position, this is his order.!
I have to go back...
I have to make it through this commotion again tomorrow.
I have, but I try not to.
I haven't even finished the research at the camp, and they dragged me away for yet another burdening project.
I haven't had a meal today, yesterday, and the day before yesterday.
I haven't had a meal today. I was starving all day yesterday. My child was starving too. My husband was also starving.
I haven't seen any other humans around here, but if I do, I'll let him know you're looking for him.
I heard Briaschen did that. Ants didn't attack me when I was with Khahris.
I heard Comodo Dragons are very powerful monsters. Please be careful.
I heard a scream when the man in front of me just entered.
I heard that <NAVI>[Researcher]<INFO>sp_rudus4,192,204,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI> mostly burrows around the center of the 4th floor of Rudus.
I heard that only Master Luanda and Master Mao were running around this time? You lay on top of a tree and just shouted...
I heard that the stern-faced second warned you, but what a fearless outsider you are.
I heard that there are many dangerous deep-sea creatures in the lower layer, but when I came here, they were more dangerous than I thought.
I heard they were named after the guardians of the village. I'm rather proud of them.
I heard you could help making a crown
I heard you look just like me?
I hope Brother Jubilee and Brother Jojo are safe.
I hope Sirood will appear in front of us intact, just as the fishing rod appeared intact...
I hope everything will be okay.
I hope keeping our tradition and culture alive lets people know how important these things are to us.
I hope no one's watching us.
I hope nothing bad happens to those two.
I hope that your perseverance and pride remain with you in your travels.
I hope the soldier will find her before she goes deep inside the ruined village.
I hope they return to their senses after the banquet is over.
I hope we can find an answer to this phenomenon.
I hope we'll meet again.
I hope you can help me tomorrow if you have time.
I hope you did not encounter much danger on your journey here.
I hope you show the hot taste to
I hope you'll come back for the next subjugation.
I hope you'll come back to help me again.
I hope you'll come to our next gathering and work your whether miracle again.
I hope you'll find him soon. I'm not the only one here, you know. If you haven't found him, maybe he's?
I hope you'll find your friend soon. Why don't you check the catacombs in the south? He might be there.
I hope you'll like my gift. Yggdrasil's blessing doesn't last forever, 
I hope.
I just had a business, and it went well.
I just watch what my seniors do.
I just... I guess what is inside is boring for me now.
I keep finding new stuffs when I lay my eyes on this blueprint.
I knew I chose the right person for the job.
I knew coming in that I'd better stay close to Chunghae.
I knew it!
I knew that was an idiotic idea! I shouldn't have listened to your stupid story! I shouldn't have followed you into this cave!
I knew you were a person who
I knew you would!
I knew you'd be interested!
I knew you'd say yes!
I know I have no right to ask you for this, but meeting like this is a destiny...
I know I'm asking you a favor, but I need 100 of them.
I know in your mind, you're as strong as Baphomet!
I know they're ^0000FFdreamt by the Moonlight Flowers.^000000
I know this is a lot to ask, but can you get me 100 more Comodo Leather, 20 Steel, and 10 Oridecon?
I know you'll do it anyway!
I know.
I know. It's not because of me and my brothers.. but.. that day.. we.. .. .. it's just a pity
I learned about the catacombs under the Geffen Tower while I was in the library, reading about the tower's history.
I like chocolate milk.
I like tension--it keeps me on edge. Heh heh.
I look up~
I lost all my belongings when I fell into that strange hole and got separated from my party,
I lost her. I lost her. My baby. My pretty baby. Where are you? My baby. What's her name? My daughter. Daughter? My baby.
I lucked out.
I made a hilt out of the leather you brought me.
I made that weapon so it should be good.
I may end up wasting our time, but I want to try to help them rest.
I may not look it, but I'm pretty smart.
I mean destruction is good!
I mean he smells like a friend, Little One.
I mean... send them to Heaven.
I met Bomi before I came here.
I might ask you again to exterminate Frost Spiders and Fire Wolves.
I might be able to touch it.
I might remember a little longer. But I forget eventually.
I might spoil all the liquid if it is going on like this.
I miss my Happy. When we finally make this work, I want to bring back Happy first.
I n-need food...
I need 10 right now.
I need ^0000cd10 Sticky Bloods from Matte Drainliars and 10 Mushroom Saps from Neon Mushrooms^000000. You can get them if you hunt at least ^0000cd5 Matte Drainliars and 5 Neon Mushrooms^000000.
I need another Caress.
I need permission to enter the catacombs. I'm going to check them tomorrow.
I need your help.
I needed humans to survive. I hid among them and hunted them whenever I needed.
I never knew such a thing had happened.
I only have faith in Him, and He's telling me not to trust you.
I only know how to command others.
I only slept a little!
I overheard talk about a crown?
I overheard the story by accident
I owe you so much,
I persuaded the Elders to let me bring an army here.
I picked up an unknown shell the other day. It seems that all the monsters in the Garden of Perception, like ants, have them.
I placed my hand on the book Father Grimm was holding. Suddenly I felt dizzy as the air around me shimmered. Carefully, I opened the notebook.
I placed my hand on the notebook, and Father Grimm opened it to the last page. Suddenly, my vision got blurry as I felt my body being transported to some place.
I presume 30 bottles should suffice.
I promise I'm not going to do anything dangerous. I'll just take a look at the materials.
I put on my jacket~
I ran out of the ingredients I had.
I realized that all those I saved went back to where they came from.
I really appreciate it.
I really don't want to deal with them myself,
I really hope Brother Jojo is safe.
I really hope I can accomplish my mission.
I really hope we won't have to fight Laphines in here.
I really need to let off some steam.
I really need to work on my emotional control. I don't want to scare anyone else.
I really want to go home!
I really want to know what keeps them moving, what kind of experiments my predecessors did on them, and what kind of state they're in.
I recently found out that there is life in the Bahia Trench.
I relayed Bomi and Dracula's story to Nun Gem and the others.
I relayed what happened in the notebook to Father Grimm and Mojo, and told them that the others decided to stay to keep an eye on the vampires.
I remember hearing that the place holds special water.
I said before.... but no one has returned. I am not expecting anyone to.
I said that's not what I want. Adventurer, are you busy?
I said they were zombies, not mushrooms!
I saw Sophia drinking a mana potion. Maybe potions are the answer to my never-ending search for physical support. 
I saw it after the last ritual that I did.
I saw living things?
I saw this feather begin to shine when you came here.
I scanned it for any malicious intent, but I didn't sense any. I think its owner just ^0000cdneeds help with some unfinished business^000000.
I see it every time, but every time it's amazing, how the chip works.
I see more of those entities that look sort of like men.
I see that you've subjugated a Rampaging Box,
I see you're afraid of witnessing the grace of our god lest that might change your mind.
I see.
I see. Ha-am....
I see. I'm looking for you...
I see. It's a shame that you can't seize on such a great opportunity.
I see. Just let me know when you want to leave.
I see. We found him injured and unconscious, so we took him here and treated him. He's well enough to leave now.
I sent you out to look for the scout.
I shall drink it and levitate to guide you all to the true faith!
I should go back to my hometown...
I should go. It's time I report back.
I should have stopped you from leaving...
I should leave too. Excuse me.
I should reward you for your help.
I should seek them out,
I shouldn't have come!
I shouldn't have volunteered to come here. I miss my yai...
I show these pieces to my friend, ^0000CDLeiphen^000000.
I smell ^0000cdblood^000000! Human blood!
I specialize in singing. It's my purpose in life. I feel my greatest joy when I sing Odin's praises.
I stayed because I wanted to be there for her when she died as a human.
I still can hear you.
I still cannot forget that look in their eyes I feel a little bit the same emotion from you Adventurer.
I still carry the fox bead that I tried to purify. Let me know when you are ready.
I still have enough light left in these shining spores. Please come back after dawn.
I still have so many things to do... Sigh...
I still remember what they did to us in the last battle.
I studied ^0000cdpharmaceutical formulation^000000 to make up for my weak stamina with potions.
I swear I'll give it back to you. Just for one minute. How about thirty seconds? Ten seconds, then?
I swear on my life that I won't stop fighting until the Demon God is defeated!
I swear to Odin that day will never come.
I thank you on behalf of the entire humankind.
I think I can sleep a little deeper today thanks to you...
I think I can tell you why I painted the mural.
I think I forgot something.
I think I know. People tend to take things for granted. If I could live forever, I think I'd lose all my motivation. I mean, you have nothing but time.
I think I lost my mind because the practice didn't go well.
I think I need to do some work here.
I think I'll be able to breathe a little more if I catch 10 of them.
I think I've chosen the wrong team...
I think I've heard that name somewhere...
I think drinking water is good enough...
I think it was real. We've never seen it.
I think it's possible we're inside a Moonlight Flower's dream.
I think level 200 would be enough... It's easy to say, but that is not the type of person who can be easily found.
I think so. This means we can use them to take care of the undead.
I think that you're destined to do great things.
I think they've had enough today.
I think this is enough for today, please come back tomorrow.
I think we'll have to use fire.
I think you guys need to talk it out with each other. Have you tried to talk to her?
I think you'll find out when you meet Briashen.
I think you're more human than anyone else I know. You also taught a vampire humanity.
I think you're thinking the same thing as me.
I thought Einbroch had bad air, and this place is no better.
I thought I was going to die here, but then Lady Luck finally turned her gaze upon me.
I thought I was going to die. I'm lucky to be alive.
I thought I'd never come back...
I thought priests could heal themselves.
I thought you came to protect the peace and prosperity of Midgard. Did you not?
I thought you were serious about adventuring.
I thought you'd be hard at work by now,
I thought...
I threw it away.
I told him I'd come back right away, but what the hell was the rumor about? There were a lot of people and monsters waiting in line.
I told you it's difficult for me to look at those soldiers without feeling pain.
I told you, I used 457 amulets on them, and none of them worked. They're fueled by something else.
I touched it, and it sent me back to the original ruined village.
I tried making it like what's written in the blueprint, but I need more material.
I trust my own eyes!
I try to ignore my reality, but this ever-present hunger and thirst keep reminding me what kind of terrible monster I am.
I twisted the nose of the ghost in the frame.
I understand
I understand now why you did that.
I understand the urgency, but that doesn't mean I like being bossed around.
I understand why those ^0000FFfoxes are angry^000000, but this has to be done.
I understand.
I understand. Even for me, I am bewildered, but please hear me out. I think my friend is in danger
I vaguely remember it. I did warn a stranger I met before I went hunting with my brothers.
I want to ask them something!
I want to be there before everyone else!
I want to collect information about him first before I proceed with my plan.
I want to eat it too... it looks delicious...
I want to end this... infernal nightmare...
I want to get rid of their manes and see if it affects our dreams.
I want to know how to get fruit.
I want to know more than anything what tore the walls between reality and dreams.
I want to repay you for healing me. Also, after listening to you both, I think it's better I go. Do you want me to go bring back your colleagues?
I want to repay you, fellow adventurer.
I want to say that I'm doing this to make up for what I did,
I want you to
I want you to bring me out.
I want you to bring them to me,
I want you to do something about that strange group of people over there.
I want you to get rid of them.
I want you to go check
I want you to go over there...
I want you to help me this time.
I want you to liberate them from the icicles growing on their bodies.
I want you to live long and prosper.
I want you to move on to the next mission.
I wanted to do it.  My obsession is...
I was able to persuade the Elders to let me command the army,
I was about to give up, but there was some fine print on the blueprint saying that it could be found on the Dewata Island.
I was alarmed when you suddenly disappeared.
I was debating if I should go after them.
I was given a shorter time to live than most. Ever since I was born, I'd been told I'd never outlive my parents.
I was gravely injured by them, and somehow I ended up in this place full of death and mysterious energy.
I was in danger, but someone helped me out.
I was joking. I'm in the middle of collecting the fake blood ingredients, but right now I want to examine this mushroom. I've never seen it before. I want to check it while it's still fresh.
I was looking for someone to hunt them, because I was not enough to catch and research monsters myself.
I was only trying to help him.
I was right.
I was sent to investigate these monsters.
I was slightly hungry
I was so lucky to meet you. Everything is going so well.
I was stressed out about my heavy workload.
I was sure that I could do it this time.
I was surprised.
I was the first to come to this place!
I was thinking while looking around.
I was trying to swim as hard as I could to get out, but I felt something pulling me in with great force.
I was worried about you..
I was.
I wasn't asking you! Unless you're going to let me touch the notebook, stay out of my hair!
I wasn't napping!
I wasn't ready to let her go. Before I had time to think about what I was doing, I turned her. 
I wasn't ready!
I wear my sword~
I will be here until I find all of the secrets.
I will be waiting for tomorrow.
I will be waiting.
I will come back. For research and for you, Narin.
I will find them!
I will get payback... on... 
I will give you 2 more ^006400Satay^000000
I will give you the reward once you unburden yourself and return.
I will help you.
I will pay you for what you do for me.
I will remember... Come back. Please. Bro...!
I will share you an interesting story.
I will starve to death. If I don't eat something, I will die.
I will.
I will. Stay safe.
I will... remember... Please... come back.
I wish I could go with you, but my group needs me here.
I wish I trained harder.
I wish to give to you
I wish you a pleasant journey, young traveler.
I wish you were stronger. Then, I would've been able to tell you about it.
I witnessed a sad event. I must tell Luanda about my experience.
I won't stop~
I wonder if Chesher knows we're stealing back his Bradium Boxes.
I wonder if my friends are safe.
I wonder if there are special potions that could improve me physically. Then, I could become stronger at last.
I worked at Sage Castle for a long time... Now that I'm retired, I want to spend some leisure time here and also put in requests...
I would appreciate it if you could keep this request a secret.
I would be grateful if you could join the mission tomorrow as well.
I would have disappeared anyway if Briashen didn't come, but thank you for coming to find me.
I would like to do more research, but if my life is really in danger...
I wouldn't be an adventurer if I did.
I wouldn't believe you had an intense battle yesterday if I didn't already know about it.
I'd better be careful. I don't want to die because I was gathering some mushroom spores.
I'd better do something before people start asking if I'm homeless.
I'd better find the Demon God quickly.
I'd better get back to my stem research. I'll ask someone else for assistance.
I'd better get back to the research...
I'd better offer more money!
I'd learned about them through Bomi. What I'd learned didn't make sense, and I didn't really understand it.
I'd like to ask
I'd like to put you on a subjugation mission in the Temple of the Demon God.
I'd like to save it myself, but as you can see I'm weak, heck.
I'd like you to eliminate the biggest threat among them.
I'd love to read it myself as well.
I'll appreciate if you can come back tomorrow and help us again.
I'll appreciate if you can take care of them.
I'll ask for that kind of skill based on your kindness...
I'll ask someone else.
I'll be counting on you.
I'll be doing this research for a while.
I'll be in Morocc for a while, making some money and getting ready for another adventure. I hope I can see you again before I leave.
I'll be lucky
I'll be staying here for a while, so let me know if you change your mind!!
I'll be waiting for you here.
I'll be waiting.
I'll call Junghee, and we'll follow you soon.
I'll call you when I need you.
I'll catch up soon.
I'll check it out later.
I'll do my best to fulfill my duty as the Guardian.
I'll do that.
I'll drink this and levitate myself with its power!
I'll feed the stems to the most critical patients, and wait for Dr. Tiblack to finish her research.
I'll feed these to the patients.
I'll follow you as soon as I'm done reorganizing these pages.
I'll get back to you if I need help. Thanks!!
I'll get rid of them.
I'll get to the point.
I'll give you 2 more servings of ^006400Satay^000000 for this delivery.
I'll give you a report on the patients' responses to the stem. Please bring the report to ^0000FFDr. Tiblack^000000.
I'll have to figure that out.
I'll introduce you to a researcher who is currently in the field, would you like to go directly?
I'll leave the ^0000FFAngry Soldiers^000000 to you.
I'll let justice decide their fate.
I'll make sure no villagers gets close to the collapsed walls of reality and dreams.
I'll make you a best weapon ever.
I'll move you to the 4th floor.
I'll move you. Take care!
I'll never going to win if I let myself believe I'll lose.
I'll probably make a better leader than him!
I'll protect this defense line.
I'll see that no monster sneak into the base.
I'll send someone else.
I'll take a rain check on this.
I'll take that as a compliment.
I'll take that as a yes.
I'll talk to the Elders.
I'll talk to you again after a while.
I'll tell Jerrymon about the contents in advance through my father!
I'll understand if you want to run.
I'll wait for the next natural disaster and gather more followers to call forth the God of Destruction!
I'll wait until you reach level 240.
I'm Hesranta, commander of the Sappha army.
I'm Mirko, that's Yolanda
I'm Poby, the best fruit hunter in the Jaty tribe.
I'm Rwella
I'm Zeith, and this is?
I'm a bit sane now.
I'm afraid once warped, dimensions can never be the same.
I'm already dead
I'm already dead.
I'm always on guard duty wherever I go.
I'm an adventurer, and no, this isn't my preferred attire.
I'm away right now. Please come back after dawn.
I'm carrying too many types of items. I should lighten my bag first.
I'm convinced that the mage is responsible for these rampant nightmares.
I'm disappointed that I'm not the first one to discover the place, and am glad that I'm not alone in this dismal place.
I'm doing this to get back at Shnaim and Morocc for using me like a tool.
I'm especially tired today. I'm going to bed early tonight.
I'm exhausted and don't have some tools to make proper reasoning. It's better to prepare and come back.
I'm fine now
I'm fine with guesses. Everyone's shape is different.
I'm glad I didn't die on the street. The world is still a beautiful place.
I'm glad that the research resulted in our favor.
I'm glad they only grow here.
I'm glad we've met you,
I'm glad you came back safely. Is everyone in there okay?
I'm glad you didn't die.
I'm glad you've found me.
I'm going there do you want to come with me?
I'm going to cross~~ Ah!!
I'm going to die because of the noise.
I'm going to die. Die. Die.
I'm going to die. Please help me... Please.
I'm going to die. Starve to death.
I'm going to die. Starving.
I'm going to die. We are all going die.
I'm going to fight to the death for the peace of the Midgard Continent.
I'm going to kill them all!
I'm going to stay here for a while. It'll take for a while before Dracula fully regains his energy, and personally, there are many things that I want to know about these people.
I'm going to stay in the ruined village and investigate this phenomenon.
I'm going to stay.
I'm going to the oasis now. Could you wait for me?
I'm going to watch you.
I'm gonna run first chance I get!
I'm guessing this is the reason why the monsters are attacking the village, but I'll have to tell the chief and investigate.
I'm here to protect important personnel.
I'm hungry. Help me. I'm so hungry.
I'm hungry. Help me. Please. Hungry.
I'm hungry. I'm starving.
I'm hungry. I've been starving for a long time... I'm going to die. Please, please help me.
I'm hungry. Please help me. I'm hungry.
I'm hungry. Please help me. Please...
I'm hungry. Want more. Yummy. Too tasty.
I'm hungry... Hungry.
I'm hungry... Hungry. I'm going to die.
I'm in a hurry right now! Khahris might be in danger.
I'm in dire need of help!
I'm in there every day, every day!!
I'm moved.
I'm nervous.
I'm not a junkie
I'm not a numskull. I wouldn't have become a wizard if I was. And don't forget, I saved Dracula!
I'm not always correct, but I can see into the future. Ah! I have more abilities than that.
I'm not an ordinary person.
I'm not going to go in there anymore...
I'm not going to let you do that!
I'm not happy with this arrangement, Drac. I'm going back to our castle once you get better, got it?
I'm not hearing anything!
I'm not hurt!
I'm not injured, save a few scrapes,
I'm not mentally strong enough to handle such nightmares.
I'm not sure either?
I'm not sure how that works.
I'm not sure what the principle is, but I stirred it diligently as Jerrymon-sama told me to!!
I'm not sure. Heh heh.
I'm not?
I'm ok now! Let's go!
I'm on my way to meet the Secret Wing researcher, so if you have any questions, you can ask him directly!
I'm on my way to see him, so if you have any questions, you can ask him directly!
I'm one of them, and I happened to pick up a ^0000cdnotebook^000000 just before you found us.
I'm out of my mind...
I'm planning to be the last one standing after everything goes down.
I'm preparing a gift for you to make up for my past transgressions against you.
I'm ready.
I'm ready~
I'm really disappointed in you.
I'm saying this once, so listen carefully.
I'm sensing faint energy in the south. Let's hurry!
I'm sensing really bad vibes from these foxes and ghosts.
I'm sensing some faint energy in the east. Let's go.
I'm seriously hurt...
I'm so eager to make the weapon in the weapon blueprint.
I'm so glad...
I'm so lucky to have met you. This is going so well.
I'm so surprised and shocked right now that I don't know what to do.
I'm sorry I bored you with my story.
I'm sorry I bothered you.
I'm sorry I broke my promise. But even if I could go back in time, I would do it again.
I'm sorry but I'm hungry... I can't move right now.
I'm sorry that
I'm sorry this is the best I can do.
I'm sorry to bother you, but please. I'll be waiting for you here.
I'm sorry, but could you find some dry twigs from heaps of dry soil in this cave? We won't need more than 10.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Maybe I'm thinking irrationally.
I'm starving to death. If I don't eat something, I will die.
I'm still practicing.. in vain?! You can't believe someone else's...
I'm still talking to you. You're not afraid of me because I'm in bat form, are you? You humans are so stupid, you can't get past what you see.
I'm still too stiff to move. Would you take care of him, too??
I'm still training... in vain?! You can't believe someone else's...
I'm stuck here forever!
I'm taking a walk because I think it will make my back ache less.
I'm telling you because I feel good vibes from you. Leave this place right now.
I'm telling you that I feel good vibes from you. Leave this place right now.
I'm the victim here, you know.
I'm thirsty... Thirsty.
I'm tired of hearing them yelling heretics.
I'm tired.
I'm too tired...
I'm trying to remember to fire the moment I see the enemy.
I'm waiting for her right now.
I'm worried about those two. They should be fine, right?
I'm worried about what's happening there.
I'm worried for the guys at the front lines.
I'm... My name is ^0000cdBomi^000000. I'm sorry I'm not the person you're looking for.
I'm... dead, so I just want to sleep peacefully...
I've ^0000FFcovered the opening with dirt^000000. I hope no one dug it open.
I've asked people of your ilk to steer clear of my work zone. Didn't your superiors tell you that?
I've assigned some more adventurers to take care of them.
I've been earning my keep just fine.
I've been having nothing but bad luck lately.
I've been in Morocc, but this is my first time inside the village.
I've been in the mines for most of these days, so my cough seems to be getting better.
I've been singing since I found out Brother Jojo was missing.
I've been told that idiot is excited.
I've been waiting for you traveler.
I've been waiting for you, traveler
I've been waiting in line for days, but suddenly I'm not interested anymore...
I've been watching the deep sea creatures here, and I've seen some of them glow with the essence of the abyss.
I've decided to wait for her. I could use some rest, anyway.
I've felt the mana returning.
I've found 1 ^006400Dry Twig^000000.
I've found this strange stones while I was there. It's not much,
I've found traces of experiments everywhere. Some of my peers must have been here before I have.
I've got no use for weaklings.
I've got only a few left. Let's take turns to gather some more.
I've got so many questions, but that mean priest wouldn't let me touch it.
I've heard a path has been cleared in that dark cave.
I've heard about your
I've heard adventurers do many things for others. Is that true?
I've heard both of you, but neither of you told me what you were fighting for.
I've heard that they hire adventurers because they don't have enough hands to defend the village. I guess that's you?
I've hidden the opening to that place: I didn't want anyone to get there before me.
I've known that from the beginning. Your face is so transparent, you can't hide anything. I just didn't say anything because I found it funny that you nervously kept glancing at us.
I've lived in the village for a long time, but it seems like a phenomenon I've never heard of. I'm guessing, but I think it's just started happening recently.
I've never hurt anyone, and I won't start now.
I've never seen so many different groups of heretics congregating in one place.
I've picked up your notebook.
I've prepared a small token of appreciation for you.
I've prepared.
I've relinquished everything I had to the Leader, but for what?!
I've studied a lot. Why do you think I have?
I've talked to the guards, but...cough...cough...they didn't take it seriously...
I've talked to the villagers,
I've waited for this day to fight beside you.
I, I was able to stay alone so far, because I could meet you two again someday?
I-it's okay.
I...
I... I'm still a wizard!
I... I'm... glad...
I...it's not because I'm scared!
If I can go there, I will save him myself.
If I could, I would've found my way back to you already.
If I don't go and check it myself...
If I drink this toxic blood about thirty times, I might turn? oh, never mind.
If I forget again... Please I will try to remember...
If I go back to the outside world, I won't be able to stop myself from hurting people.
If I knew you're so fast, I would have asked you for 100 pages instead.
If I mix them like this and drink...
If I'm not mistaken, that's...
If Kasyapa trusts you then I know that you can help us make a
If anything has had an impact on the Institute, please come to me.
If he hasn't contacted me yet, something must have happened.
If his lair is located somewhere in Bifrost's territory,
If it is not, wait there and bring ^FF000030 bottles of oil^000000 to me.
If it weren't two of you, I could have pulled all my hair out in frustration.
If it's about the crown I want you to stop asking about it.
If it's okay with you, why don't you come back tomorrow and work with us?
If it's the youngest's memory, that's it. It's odd to be a stranger at this age.
If only I can hold 30 ^FF0000Fire Golem's Stone Teeth^000000 and 30 ^FF0000Fire Frilldora's Napes^000000 in my hands!
If only I had been a little stronger...
If possible, will you get the oil from Lero? I will appreciate it...
If so, I can use the boxes to replenish my army.
If so, I will give everything
If so, let's combine the Rebellion mission groups into one, and the hero's solo mission... mumble mumble.
If so... my sister-in-law also...
If something were to happen, I'd send word to your commander-in-chief, Hibba Agip.
If that happens, I'll let you take care of them by yourself.
If that was the case?
If that's what Chief ^0000FFPaiko^000000 wants
If there are others, I can ask for their help.
If they encounter other monsters in Midgard or the Other World,
If they were, I wouldn't have had to starve.
If we do well, we might be able to make the vortex linking here and Izlude last forever!
If we play by the rules, then we shouldn't allow them to live.
If we're really inside Moonlight Flower's nightmare, like Chunghae thinks,
If you are attracted by the aroma of the ^006400Satay^000000, you may eat one but, if you eat more you won't be able to share ^006400Satay^000000 with our friends.
If you are okay, can you hunt some monsters around?
If you ask me, that sounds the most plausible of all your stories I've heard.
If you attach this chip somewhere on your body and hunt them, researchers can receive data.
If you bring them all, I'll make the best weapon ever.
If you bring them, I'll make a brand new Caress.
If you can harm yourself...
If you can silence those who are drunk with magical powers all night long, I will reward you.
If you collect them, I'll create a whirlpool for you.
If you decide to do it, it'll make you one of us, very ecstatic. Probably because he is a fool.
If you don't want me to teach you, that's fine by me.
If you don't want that to happen, put the refined Caress elsewhere before the reinforcing.^000000
If you ever change
If you ever change your mind
If you ever go through something similar, please let me know. I'm begging you.
If you find Leiphen, please make sure he is eating.
If you find either one, I hope you bring them out.
If you find solidified, immobile mana, just absorb them
If you find stray mana from the orb, then please hit and disperse it.
If you follow this whirlpool, you may be able to find the owner of the fishing rod.
If you get the recognition before me, please DON'T forget to visit me.
If you go downstairs, you will run into some pretty vicious fish. Would that be alright?
If you go into the banquet hall of the dead there, there will be a piano.
If you go to the collapsed Opera House, you will find ghosts in the frames.
If you had told me in advance, I could have helped at least a little bit.
If you have an idea, go to the 3rd floor of Rudus.
If you have time for chit-chat, then kill one more enemy instead.
If you have time, please come back tomorrow. I'll be waiting for you.
If you have to leave, let Sister Marina know. She'll send you back to where you came from.
If you hunt those Distorted,
If you look around, maybe you'll find a clue...even if it's just a small thing?
If you look at the collapsed Opera House there,
If you need the Contribution Certificate, do me a favor later and I'll give you one.
If you overdo it, you'll only ruin your health.
If you overwork your body, you may not do well.
If you really want to do this against my advice, then do as you wish.
If you really want to experiment on those blasphemous creatures, then I suggest you talk with Brother Jojo and the others first.
If you shake it like crazy!!
If you want to do it, I'll have to tell you some cautionary things before reinforcing the Caress.
If you want to go, you'll have to go alone and see it for yourself.
If you want to leave, ask Sister Marina to let you out.
If you want to look at the specimens on the 4th floor and help with a research request, go back to <NAVI>[Yulma]<INFO>pub_cat,94,43,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI> and ask.
If you want to look further into this, you'll have to visit the ruined village.
If you're busy, we'll understand.
If you're familiar with combat, puppeteers who aren't familiar with combat won't find it easy to get out of here.
If you're here to donate your body for my experiment, then you can stay.
If you're looking for the teacher, she's in the other room.
If you're not busy, could you help me with something?
If you're planning to reenter the Temple of the Demon God, then I'd like to ask you a favor.
If you're planning to reenter the Temple of the Demon God, then please look for more mana globes.
If you're really curious, I'll give you my position. Why don't you go in and check it out?
If you're seeking medical assistance, then please describe your symptoms at the reception desk and wait until help arrives.
If you're still that careful, okay. Come back when you're ready.
If you're that curious, stand behind me and wait for your turn!
Imagine how uncomfortable and cold they must be!
Imagine what we can do with this power.
In a way, they're also victims.
In case you have forgotten, do you know how you're still standing there, breathing?
In exchange, I'll give you and your party
In four directions from the center roams a strong Demon.
In my younger years I could have easily solved the problem but this old man's mind cannot figure out what's missing.
In order to fight the Comodo Dragon, you have to get recognized by the natives. I assume it'll be hard to get the recognition.
In order to share news that
In other words, even if I'm mistaken, I didn't go back to the first floor.
In other words, it's easy to say that we'll help others but it's hard to actually do the action.
In the case of Karoo-hyung, he has the ability to see accurately even from a distance..
In the meantime I'll catch some Z's.
In the meantime, I contacted Juno University and went to Turtle Island, but I haven't achieved any results... I was hoping I could find a clue so I figure out where Leiphen disappeared to.
In the meantime, I found a way to the 4th floor of Rudus.
In the meantime, I will make a fire.
Indeed. It shows how its owner studied those blasphemous creatures to ^0000cdcreate stamina and mana enhancers^000000.
Influenced by Sirood, we also fell in love with fishing, and the four of us often had a good time.
Information isn't something you get for free.
Instead of talking to me, why don't you talk to our tribe's leader, ^0000FFChief Paiko^000000.
Instead of talking to me, why don't you talk to our tribe's leader, ^0000FFPaiko^000000.
Instead of turning into flower petals, the stones inflicted immense pain on those who got hit.
Interesting.
Introduce yourself.
Invading... they called themselves Nazarians, right?
Is Briashen all right?
Is Pian doing well? Did the subjects feel a bit worthy of a fight?
Is it Acid...
Is it a person?
Is it a trend for youngsters to carry heavy things?
Is it about Muyeon?
Is that what Briashen said?
Is the researcher hiding well?
Is there anyone who can help? oh! Hey, you!
Is this a dream or reality...
Is this worth it?
Isn't Briashen having a longer hallucination than the other adventurers, rather than the illusion adventuring with Briashen?
Isn't it frustrating to only work with me?
Isn't that right, comrade? Think again!
Isn't that the doll we made?
It actually screams when a living person knocks on it.
It came under investigation because one of the administrators of that abandoned lab was Werner.
It could be dangerous, so if you find it, why don't you avoid it? There's no need to take a risk.
It does not only look like that, it is the one we made!
It doesn't last long. The longer you stay here, the more you notice each other. Gradually.
It doesn't last that long...
It doesn't matter if they're real or not.
It doesn't matter if they're real or not. They're just as threatening.
It doesn't matter if this is real or not. Watching my ancestors suffer is difficult.
It doesn't work.
It drove me from sanity and sent me going to the ruined village.
It feels like you're walking in a hazy... dream?
It feels the same as the last time I threw a pebble into the Bahia Trench..
It felt as if the nightmares is happening in reality.
It happened ^FF0000half a day ago^000000.
It has become a lost tradition in recent years but until 10 or more years ago in order to become a ^8B4513Jaty Tribe^000000 warrior you had to climb Krakatau Volcano to prove your endurance.
It has been a good time for all of us to share and enjoy this happy occasion together. Thank you.
It has my wishes. Now... It doesn't need to exist.
It has the torso, arms and legs of a human but has the head and beak of an eagle.
It is a drop of sweat that shines with passion and effort.
It is a place called the ^4d4dffTrench^000000. To put it simply, you can think of it as a deep cliff in the sea.
It is an honor to work with you!
It is dangerous past this point. Please move back.
It is different from a homunculus in that it reproduces itself and it decides without an owner.
It is hard for beginners to catch the fruit like me. No it's impossible.
It is heavier than you might think, so be careful when carrying it.
It is known that there are hundreds of different types of trenches in the world's oceans.
It is more of a problem than you think. Sales are credit, but if we do not make due today, we'll lose the credit, the ingredients, and the tourists who do not get the Ark. So it's quite damaging.
It is not as tasty as our tribe's recipe, but this is an urgent task so just find it and deliver it.
It is, but I'm pretty busy for now.
It looked as if your eyes
It looked real. I almost fooled myself.
It looks exactly like the ruined village we were in a moments ago, and yet... it's different!
It looks like I interrupted the couple's date. I need to tell Luanda what happened.
It looks like a rat has lurked into the sacred assembly.
It looks like it's just garbage.
It looks like the message I sent reached Izlude, I'm so glad...
It looks similar to the existing Homunculus Dieter and Homunculus Bayeri, but they are very different.
It may take a while for me to get everything packed, so get your other business done in the meantime.
It might be dangerous, so always wear a ^0000FFSafety Helmet^000000.
It might come in handy somewhere!
It might have something to do with the Dimensional Crack.
It must be enchanted, don't you think?
It pains me to see you wither away, day by day.
It really is the end of the world!
It really worked! Hey, Zeith! Are you alright?
It seemed like he was going to ^ff0000the first floor of the mine in Einbech^000000.
It seems like a phenomenon that can't be ignored. I'll have to talk to Luanda, the head of defense.
It seems like it happened a long time ago. Unlike Mao, I don't have a very good memory.
It seems that ^0000FFKasyapa^000000 has told you a tall tale and I appreciate your concern about our affairs.
It seems that a monster has appeared to lead them.
It seems that it did not conduct very illegal experiments and focused on the study of culturing chimeras as homunculus, but it is said that it was abandoned after an explosion at an underground magical power plant.
It seems that the Secret Wing researchers need to study the entities there.
It seems that the living do not hear well.
It seems that you have yet to deliver the ^006400Satay^000000.
It seems that you have yet to find the materials to make the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000.
It seems to me that you have something
It seems you already identify yourself as a bat.
It smells delicious. It looks so delicious. Please give it to me. Hungry. Hurry.
It sounds like a conversation between a Wootan or Megalith monster targeting the village.
It takes some time, so go back to Mr. Memo and tell him the situation. Also tell him that I'm sorry for the delay.
It turned out to be an ordinary, invaluable mushroom.
It was different from the other two times I performed the ritual.
It was just that.
It was made with all our heart, especially for you, but don't forget to share it with friends.
It was stored as a treasured heirloom of our tribe.
It was the place where Illusion abandoned the failed works that were created after the experiment.
It was you who saved Aylvar. Thank you for helping my friend!
It will follow you around. Curiosity killed the cat. Don't look into something that is unclear. Don't look back, or talk behind someone's back.
It will take some time until the task is finished so please wait a little.
It won't be easy to find... Any traces, so please come back to me with just one.
It won't be easy, but I have faith in you.
It won't be long before our perilous journey is over!
It worked because I'm a genius! You should be thanking me, Zeith!
It worked!
It would be better to start introducing myself. I am Narin. ^0000CDOld Ghost.^000000
It would be dangerous if left unattended...
It would be most perfect not to have to use these things..
It would be most perfect not to have to use these things...
It would be nice if it was just a dream...
It would be nice if we could go too...
It would be nice if we went together, but...
It wouldn't be a bad idea to meet the researchers working in the field...
It'd be great if you join us again. See you at the ruined village.
It'll be great if you can help us, Adventurer.
It'll find its way back to Yggdrasil and the orb.
It'll take a while before I feel strong again, but at least I can walk on my own.
It's a bizarre shimmer that you're likely to be sucked into.
It's a bulletin board with things requested by the village written on it, but it doesn't seem to be the case now.
It's a chunk scooped up with a landing net near where the fishing rod was found.
It's a haunted cave, so we've been preforming rituals and exorcism there regularly.
It's a high risk job.
It's a kind of revenge I guess, huh.
It's a little disappointing.
It's a luxurious facility with a banquet hall and an Opera House, but each one is a little different.
It's a miracle that I'm here.
It's a sign of promise. I will try to remember the two of you. So come... come and find me.
It's about the strange place I've been to.
It's all ... mine. ^BDBDBDIt all^000000 can ^BDBDBDbe^000000 mine...
It's all dead...
It's all mine. ^BDBDBDCould be^000000 all^ BDBDBDmine^000000...
It's all mine. ^BDBDBDCould be^000000 all^BDBDBDmine^000000...
It's all... mine. ^BDBDBDIt all^000000 can ^BDBDBDbe^000000 mine...
It's almost time for a Demon hunt.
It's amazing how such an animate object can move on its own.
It's amazing how those ore-filled boxes are moving on their own.
It's an honor that you help us!
It's an honor to meet you in a place like this. May I buy you a drink?
It's an honor! Hehe~
It's an image of another world, different from ours.
It's an intruder!!!
It's as if the spirits were antagonized by them.
It's been a while, I haven't lost my mind. I was not swept away by resentment and neither reason nor emotion was lost.
It's been exactly 3 months since Sirood went missing.
It's been quite some time since the lab was closed and left unattended.
It's been said all mammals have curiosity that rivals their appetite, but mages... are the worst. 
It's been submerged in water for 3 months... but it hasn't corroded at all. It's completely fine??
It's dangerous at this rate. You're sick, and you need to get out of here.
It's dangerous here. I'll find Khahris and go back soon.
It's deeper here than anywhere else, and it's amazing to be able to breathe freely.
It's easiest for beginners like you to shake or kick the tree.
It's easiest for beginners to shake or kick the tree.
It's easiest for beginners to shake or kick the tree. It might be dangerous, so remember to wear a ^0000FFSafety Helmet^000000.
It's embarrassing. Even now, all we can do is block it.
It's filled with creatures I've never seen.
It's fine today. I'll take care of it tomorrow.
It's giving me an anxiety feeling.
It's going to be difficult if it is delayed more, so hurry up and bring me 60.
It's great!
It's hard to explain. Let's just say we humans like to save others.
It's impossible, this is...
It's interesting. If what you're saying is true, doesn't that mean you've been talking to me in the past?
It's just a guess.
It's just wishful thinking; we won't know until we have the boxes.
It's late, it's already too late.
It's my honor to fight beside you Humans.
It's no longer useful for us, but this is for you
It's not difficult to tell them apart because they've mutated into an appearance that clearly reveals the attributes of wind and water.
It's not even a ruin, so how about going wild?
It's not far from the city, so Rebellion took care of organizing it for safety reasons... As you've heard, we're having trouble with the lack of staff.
It's not like you're writing something important.
It's not melting.
It's not much of a secret, but each of my brothers has a mysterious ability.
It's not much. I'll do the money later.
It's not real blood! He needs it! Can't you see he's dying?
It's not something that a stranger like you could understand so make like a tree, and get out of here.
It's not stupid!
It's not telling the truth when you're only telling it from your point of view!
It's not the first time, someone is here. It's a rare event. When I first saw someone, I remembered what I wanted.
It's not the same as the original, but it has its own specialty. It is my reward to thank you for what you have done.
It's not uncommon to see mutant animals around here. Recently, one of them was confirmed as a ^0000FFcompletely new species^000000.
It's not uncommon to see strangers in town, so my memory is hazy, but I remember it.
It's ok. I will forget both of you. All the souls here are made like that.
It's ok. Or I will die. Starving...
It's okay because I'm alive!
It's okay, hero, to rest a little longer.
It's our job and we're just looking for help.
It's over!!!
It's pitiful, but if they are released from the lab, they will do more damage than you can imagine.
It's quite a popular spot among village lovers. It's quiet and a good place for a date.
It's really annoying to hear that snoring all the way...
It's rude to eavesdrop on others, even if they're your colleagues.
It's said that I lost my mind after having a painful dream, but somehow my anxiety...
It's shiny... shiny... It's pretty, so pretty.
It's so amazing that we can breathe without gills, there's no sea pressure, and even marine life that I've never seen before...!!!
It's something we need to think about.
It's still too early to leave it to you...
It's strange. In my head, I know I'm a human, but when I see an ant passing by there, I wonder if I'm an ant
It's the one who made a mess because you sewed wrong?? Yes!
It's the truth!
It's time to collect Bradium Boxes.
It's time we deal with this quasi-reality.
It's too loud to knock anywhere!
It's true. His wounds are almost fully healed.
It's unfair that I'm alone
It's urgent, so I'll ask you quickly!
It's very puzzling to us too. If we knew why, we'd have put everything away.
It's weird to the left and right, over there.
It's... it's hard. Even I envy those trapped by this burden. But... I couldn't turn it off. The people who are in danger.
It's..^BDBDBDit^000000 was... alive. ^BDBDBDIt's^000000 alive... Damn! ^BDBDBDAlive,^000000 alive?! I am!!! I am^BDBDBDdead^000000, dead!!
Its thick, tongue-warming sap fills your mouth with delicious aroma.
Jakken: Commence your march to glory!
Jakken: Let's show the enemy the power of our union!
Jakken: Soldiers, we're from different countries, but we've gathered here for one goal!
Jojo's colleagues are looking for him.
Jojo.
Jojo?
Jojo? Are you Jojo?
Jojo? You're Jojo, right? Your colleagues are worried about you. Let's go back. You're not hurt, are you?
Junghee and I will explore this place further.
Junghee? I mean, a soldier followed her in, but neither of them came out yet.
Just bring me
Just came by to say hello.
Just disappeared... the words...
Just get out before it's over.
Just get out of here, quickly. Go back to where we met.
Just hunt 1 ^4d4dffRampaging Box^000000 and bring me what you find inside it.
Just hush!
Just leave me alone for a while? Sorry for taking so long.
Just leave me alone! I know you're going to run away with it if I give it to you.
Just let me read it. I'll go bring them out afterward. Please?
Just listen, will you?
Just listen.
Just looking for the gift shop.
Just stop talking, and take care of these.
Just studying? They could've turned the entire continent into an unholy breeding ground!
Ka.. Karu hyungnim.. hyungnim
Ka.. Karu..
Kar and I really need you.
Karu has disappeared. I need to tell Luanda about what happened.
Karu, don't be too sad.. You found me like this..
Karu.. How was the hunt today?
Karu.. how was the hunt today?
Kasyapa and Chief Paiko begin talking as you are about to leave...
Kasyapa was talking about a crown...
Keep your eyes forward! Everything's clear!
Keep your eyes peeled for him.
Keep... Whoa... Whoa... OK now.
Keeping our culture and tradition is very important.
Khahris will be waiting for me... I have to go find it.
Khahris!
Khahris!!
Khahris...
Khahris... was with Vitata, so the other ants obviously wouldn't touch it.
Khahris...!?
Khahris?
Kick the tree
Kidnapped... Come to think of it, I helped a man who was being chased by a terrific Teddy Bear on the way back.
Kill!
King has smelled blood. Even though that's how he found me when I was bleeding to death, it still scares me that he can do that.
King, I told you, we are not drinking from people anymore. And that's not a polite thing to say. I apologize on his behalf.
King, that's enough. Stop torturing him.
King, you don't have to be so mean.
King? What is it?
Ktullanux: I'll... be... back...
Ktullanux: Who dares call me a lizard? I'll freeze you all!
Kuh.. If me and my brothers hadn't emptied the village... the people wouldn't have been taken by the monsters...
Kya, did you hear the sound of their cleavers and their helmets flying all the way up to here?
Kya, did you hear them scream all the way here?
Kyaaaaaa!!!!!
Kyaah-!
Kyaah-! Kyaarrr-!
Kyak-kyak-kyak-kyak-kyak-kyak-kyak, what did you really do?
LAPHNES!
Lady, you also possess a strong energy.
Lady, you possess a strong energy.
Last person to deliver ^006400Satay^000000 to is the ^0000FFBorobudur Temple Manager^000000 who is on ^8B4513Dewata Island^000000.
Last week was so hard, but you saved me by telling me this is Dewata Island.
Later, I met him again and we got close. He was my first real friend.
Leave the rest to us.
Leave them alone. They're reconciling with each other.
Leave them be. They saved Jojo.
Leave this realm.
Leave this!
Legend says a nine-tailed fox gained enlightment and became a sacred creature, and that Moonlight Flowers have descended from her.  I think it's a story worth looking into.
Legend tells of a strange bird called ^FF0000Garuda^000000.
Leiphen: I'm Leiphen, a professor of archeology at Juno.
Lero made me come here.
Lero said sorry?
Let go!!!!
Let me ask you a favor. If you get the recognition first, please don't forget to visit me.
Let me be the sole benefactor of your blessing!
Let me bottle them before they get cold, and send them to the lab.
Let me check the intel our predecessors have left for us.
Let me clear the dirt...
Let me go with you. I want to stay with you until you fully recover.
Let me go!
Let me have the notebook.
Let me hear it.
Let me help.
Let me know when you're ready.
Let me pray for you before you leave. Dear God, please watch over your children...
Let me take all the Bradium Boxes.
Let me take the Mana Crystallines.
Let me thank you on behalf of his colleagues. May I ask your name?
Let us help other souls here like you, Narin, resolve themselves.
Let us in there!
Let your wrath fall unto this world!
Let's begin our investigation for the day, shall we?
Let's calm down, and try something else.
Let's chat later, huh?
Let's clear things up and talk again.
Let's do what they ask for now, yeah?
Let's drink from this one.
Let's get out of here.
Let's get some rest and work fully prepared!
Let's get some sleep...
Let's give this heretic one more chance at the blessing!
Let's go back home together, yeah?
Let's go back.
Let's go back. I'm tired. I want to sleep.
Let's go investigate the ruined village!
Let's go north!
Let's go outside too.
Let's go report to Milla.
Let's go south!
Let's go!
Let's go.
Let's gooo!
Let's hunt together...
Let's leave him alone here
Let's listen for now.
Let's organize the group again...
Let's pray together and raise the Blessing Gate!
Let's report to Barget first.
Let's report to Barget.
Let's report to Milla.
Let's run!!!!
Let's secure this place first.
Let's see how long you can gloat.
Let's see...
Let's see... Let's get some chips.
Let's stop making mistakes all the time and leaving it to me to do the follow-up.
Let's take it and check it out.
Let's use a scroll and a Yggdrasil leaf at the same time this time. I'll activate the scroll from here. You use the leaf from there.
Let's wait for ^0000FFMuyeon^000000 now.
Liar, liar.
Like Gona over there.
Like I told you earlier, when this cave was a kingdom, the king had a pet lizard. One day, this lizard wandered outside of the kingdom to see the outside world, but ended up getting lost. The king was so angry at the lizard that he cursed him.
Like I told you earlier, when this cave was a kingdom, the king had a pet lizard. When the king froze the cave in a fit of rage, this lizard was also turned into a terrifying ice monster.
Like ^8B4513Krakatau^000000 Volcano, when you venture into dangerous areas like that, if you display this feather, you can get help from the tribe.
Like a deep, dark pit of solitude.
Like alchemist, for example.
Like everyone else from a noble background,
Like this!
Like what?
Like what? Eating, sleeping, and pooping?
Listen to me, or you can always go back to the Tower.
Listen up, Doom Prayers!
Listen, in the center of the basin is a high hill.
Listen, people!
Listen.
Lo and behold!
Loki said the Demon God hadn't fully recovered from
Long live the Emperor!!!!
Long story short,
Long story short, she got caught in the crossfire. She was dying and I panicked.
Long time, no see.
Look at the other side of the Netherworld River.
Look at this place!
Look at those dashing soldiers over there!!!
Look forward~
Look what we've got here. Did you forget what I asked? I told you to ^0000cdhunt 10 Matte Drainliars and bring 20 Short Bat Hairs^000000.
Look!
Look, I'm not going to experiment on the zombies. I just want to take a look at the materials she used.
Looking at the expression on the second's face, I see that the stranger has something to say? Youngest, let's go first.
Looking at the second expression, you can see that the stranger has something to say? Youngest, let's go first.
Looking at you, I can't help but muse on our situation.
Looks exactly like Briashen
Looks like I really can't remember now.
Looks like a stranger? If I remember correctly, I haven't seen that face in the neighborhood.
Looks like good data has been gathered.
Looks like he's been infested with Mao. Maybe because of his abilities, he's often swayed by other people's emotions...
Looks like we got caught?!
Looks like you've finished your business. Would you like to move to Izlude?
Lululala~~~
Made with our tribe's secret marinade try the ^006400Satay^000000.
Mage, you stay out of this! This notebook is taking people to some place we don't know. And the gateway is in the last page.
Magic was exhausting to both my mind and my body. I reached my limits more quickly than I thought. But I wasn't upset. I thought I could remedy that.
Make into pieces!
Maknae Maru has an excellent memory that never forgets what she has seen and the ability to read her opponent's mind..
Many monsters have come to town and people are crying out in pain because of it...
Many thanks to you, stranger
Mao guy... you've been thinking about a lot of things.
Marina, I don't care who they are. They saved me and asked for nothing in return.
Marina, I think we've found him!
Marina, why don't you stay? Sister Gem and I will go. I think that'd be best, considering our abilities.
Masters usually climb the tree to catch the fruit, but you're a beginner...
Matte Drainliars feed on the blood of the reanimated corpses in this place.
May I continue exploring?
May I have this Soul Shard?
May Yggdrasil bless you.
May be next time.
May the Goddess bless you.
Maybe I can use them to figure out the experiment she did and the force that reanimates the dead.
Maybe I didn't pray hard enough.
Maybe I gave you too much credit.
Maybe I should crush and mix these gemstones together, and see if I can use the mixture to separate the souls of the undead from their bodies.
Maybe I should explore deeper into the catacombs tomorrow, while the monsters hide from whatever that noise is.
Maybe I should try to formulate stamina and mana potions on my own.
Maybe I should use this opportunity to get to know the Laphines.
Maybe Yggdrasil leaves kill the undead.
Maybe it doesn't help much, but...cough
Maybe it was just the bad air!
Maybe it's because the walls between reality and dreams have collapsed.
Maybe it's because this is a dream, but nothing about it has changed.
Maybe it's faith that you overheard us.
Maybe it's time we leave things to the younger generations.
Maybe my faith isn't deep enough...
Maybe next time.
Maybe one day, yes.
Maybe someday I'll have a chance to see you?
Maybe that's how the Demon God is recruiting his soldiers.
Maybe the nightmares would stop materializing if we get rid of their cause.
Maybe the ritual is the reason they are angry, it's not working as we hoped it would.
Maybe this ice is magical.
Maybe this is even happening in other places too?
Maybe we should send someone else.
Maybe you could help me confirm my suspicion.
Maybe you keep questioning me because you can't trust me. How about I teach you to be the greatest mage among humans? Would you trust me, then?
Maybe you should help them create their own story.
Maybe you should've chosen a different career path.
Maybe... maybe
Maybe... maybe..
Me... the Nazarians...
Me? What if I don't want to?
Meat... Easily digestible meat. Hungry. Hungry. Too good. Meat...
Meet me in front of the ^0000FFHidden Crack^000000. Make sure no one follows you there.
Memo sent me here.
Mild confusion.
Mirko and Yolanda asked to bring Briashen out after she went in alone injured.
Mirko said she never met you.
Mirko: Don't go if you're going to be that angry...
Mirko: Hey, then should I go or the adventurer who just showed up?
Mission completed, confirmed.
Mm, I have a feeling something suspicious is about to happen.
Mm, I'm not sure yet. Do you mind if I ask you for more later? Okay, then please bring me ^0000cd10 Dried Yggdrasil Leaves and 10 Suspicious Pentacles^000000.
Mm, this isn't enough. Please bring me ^0000cd10 Dried Yggdrasil Leaves and 10 Suspicious Pentacles^000000.
Mm, you're an adventurer. What brings you to me? I'm sorry, I'm kind of busy. Could you talk to the priest over there instead?
Mm... Bomi?
Morocc Reincarnations have invaded here just as well, and some of them are noticeably strong.
Morocc is gone, yet his temple stands.
Morocc is here somewhere.
Most of all, I can finally enjoy the warmth of a fire!
Most of my kinsmen don't know yet the orb's core mana has been stolen.
Most people try to make the most out of life because they know they can't live forever.
Mountains are green~
Much less on what's taking place inside the cave.
Munch, Munch... Murmur... My ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000... My ^BDBDBDprecious^000000 treasure... It's ^BDBDBDall^000000 mine...
Munch, ^FF0000munch munch munch^000000...
Munch, ^FF0000munch^000000... Murmur...
Munch, murmur... ^FF0000Munch^000000, munch. ^FF0000Munch^000000...
Munch, murmur... ^FF0000Munch^000000, munch...
Munch, murmur... ^FF0000munch^000000, munch.
Munch, murmur... ^FF0000munch^000000, munch. ^FF0000Munch^000000...
Munch... Muunch, Treasure... My treasure... Munch... Muunch...
Munch... Muunch, treasure... My treasure... Munch... Muunch...
Munch... Muunch... Munch... Muunch...
Murmur.... ^FF0000Munch^000000, munch. ^FF0000Murmur^000000...
Muscle spasm?
Mushrooms and zombies. Same difference to me.
Muyeon is really upset. We should ask her what happened.
Muyeon must have gone to the ^0000CDDetached Payon Palace.^000000
Muyeon... If you can't do it, no one else can!
Muyeon? Do you mean Muyeon the Soul Linker?
Mwah hah hah!
Mwah hah hah, finally we've reached the end of our expedition!
My baby is gone... My baby. My lovely baby.
My baby, I lost her. I lost my baby. Where are you?
My baby? Baby? I lost, lost, my daughter... baby. Where... where?
My body has become healthy!
My bonus depends on your performance!
My brother might think it's a secret place only he knows, but it's a place everyone in the village knows.
My brothers were abandoned in the village as babies. The villagers picked them up and raised them.
My complexion must look real bad...
My comrades are well on their way to a full recovery.
My dearest friend...cough..may be in danger, but I can't stay still!...cluck
My duty is to protect Jeruth Hesranta.
My eyes are suddenly misty... I'd better chin up... *Inhale*
My family has been making Arks for four generations.
My fear of death is what keeps me going. It's made me who I am.
My followers have been doubting their faith in me, and haven't paid their memberships for months.
My friend Leiphen who was looking at the pieces suddenly disappeared.
My friend might have the other one. No, I mean he must still have.
My goal right now is not exploration, I want you to rescue the Ranger and his friends.
My head!
My heart hurts like this too, but if you know the youngest who struggles because of his abilities... I'll have to prepare. Thank you, adventurer.
My job is to deliver the requests of researchers.
My knees gave way and I rolled on my side. When I looked around, I was back at the ^0000FFDimensional Crack^000000 where my friends and I first arrived.
My low stamina and insufficient mana are always the problem. I thought I could make up for my weak constitution with magic. Of course, even that required some minimal stamina, but I didn't have even that.
My mouth is already watering thank you.
My name is Garim Springfield.
My name is Sunrin.
My name is ^0000FFTamarin^000000.
My neighborhood friends teased me a bit when I was young, but I don't have any complaints about the name.
My nose!
My original inspiration was Bard, but then I became a Hunter because my friends thought that suited me better.
My point is:
My predecessors may have been too enthusiastic to study what's underneath their tower, but it was that enthusiasm that made Geffen grow into the city of magic that it is.
My purpose is, after all, an investigation.
My trained eyes see that
My treasure, if the 
My treasure...
My undying suspicion about him kept me safe from Ahat's hypnosis.
My unit consists of the best of the best Gartens.
My wounds are throbbing from the thought of punishment
My, treasure... Munch, can't forgive...
My... my precious ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000... ^FF0000Murmur^000000...
My... my treasure. ^BDBDBDAll^000000 of... my... ^FF0000munch, munch^000000...
My... my treasure. ^BDBDBDAll^000000 of...my... ^FF0000munch, munch^000000...
My...my precious ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000... ^FF0000Murmur^000000...
Nang!
Narin : ......This is the end of my story. Now give me the pieces and you two will be going back..
Narin : ...Is it? In fact, I had it because it was pretty.
Narin : And I am alone knowing and feeling who I am, what I am doing.
Narin : I did it for me. No need to say thanks.
Narin : I was waiting as long as I can remember...
Narin : I'm lucky, so sometimes I can get out, but eventually I go back and repeat.
Narin : No, don't. It is very dangerous here. Do not try to come back.
Narin : Yes, turtle shell, my sculpture.
Neh.
Neither hide nor hair of him is to be seen.
Never mind, please have a good trip.
Never mind. Good luck finding him. Maybe you should check the catacombs in the south.
Nevertheless we will continue keeping the warrior tradition of our tribe alive and we will preserve the pride we have earned through the sacrifice of those past warriors.
New material, eco-friendly, non-toxic, safe material, so you don't have to worry about it.
Nightmares about about the foxes? Nine tails and Moonlight flowers?
No
No ^FF0000it can't be. My daughter.^000000 Baby... Baby? No. Ha, ha^FF0000haha. No. Ha, ha.^000000 My ^FF0000pretty baby,^000000, baby. My ^FF0000 pretty baby. No.^000000 No.
No artisans can create anything without ingredients.
No grassy field or forest, really?
No matter how many times I went to the hospital, there was no improvement...
No more stupid ideas, please!
No one else knows the orb's mana has been stolen.
No one hurts anyone in front of me.
No problem.
No way... All of it?
No worries.
No!
No! I'm not even going to let you touch it!
No! They're going to put us in danger!
No, I am not busy.
No, I don't know
No, I don't remember. When Sister Gem returns, I'm going to tell on you!
No, I don't. I may trust Mojo, my sister in faith, but not Mojo, the mage.
No, I have no one to dispose their carcasses.
No, I'm not Jojo.
No, I'm not going to do that. I never forget favors. You've saved me. I promise I won't hurt you. Please believe me.
No, I'm not.
No, and now I understand why you made that decision. You couldn't just let me die, could you?
No, don't hunt them! You have to help them!
No, don't! I'd rather die!
No, it's the pain of not being able to sleep because the next door is noisy even though I'm already dead..
No, my baby...
No, my name is Jane.
No, no! He's not my friend! I've never seen him before in my life, I swear!
No, no! I'd love to! But, erm, you're not going to ask for my blood in return, are you?
No, no, that's not true.
No, no. It's not me, it's Khahris
No, no. Not you. I'm talking about Matte Drainliars.
No, thanks.
No, that's it... Everyone refused, so the hanging words got stuck in my mouth.
No, that's not important right now...
No, the hero was assigned a mission in association with Rebellion in the last operation.
No, we first must ^0000FFtreat those patients who need Sonia stems. Please bring them to me.^000000
No, we won't!
No, you didn't. That's why you had your butt handed to you by those mushrooms.
No.
No. Adventurer, you agreed with me that she's not trustworthy.
No. Because I was bored to death!
No. But it's always been my dream to conquer all the dungeons on the continent and become the greatest mage.
No. Don't even think about it. Mojo, you're so close to crossing the line.
No. I just want you to ^0000cdfind them^000000 and make sure they're okay. If they need help, please provide it to them. If they have a message for me, then please let me know.
No. I'd rather wait until they return.
No. I've never seen an ant here... except when I'm with Mirko.
No. It has to be two, so they can look out for each other.
No. It's clear their souls have returned to their dead bodies. If we can attach and detach our souls freely from our bodies, we can forever escape from physical pain!
No. It's from somewhere else, and I'm smelling more than one human. ...A ^0000cdfight^000000! A fight broke out somewhere! Blood! Let's go!
No. Never. Keep your hands to yourself.
No. Not at all.
No. Priests will try to get rid of these. Just focus on recording this process.
No. The other members of my group and two mages are already there. They just haven't returned.
No. This is the stone that contains my magical power. Let's look at it.
No. This place is overrun with unholy creatures. It's better if two servants of God look for them.
No. You're staying with me. Don't you dare touch the book.
No. ^FF0000No.^000000 Can't find her.
No. ^FF0000You can't^000000.
No... are you sure?
No... why are you here?
Nobody is here except the two of us.
Not a problem. Just let me know when you are ready.
Not all of us are made the same.
Not all the stray globes of mana from the orb have been retrieved,
Not all vampires are the same. We're different from her. By the way, why are you still here? Dracula doesn't need you anymore.
Not anymore?
Not at all.
Not bad! You guys....
Not bad, rookie.
Not enough!!!^000000
Not only Leiphen but also a kid named Narin... who you also helped. You are a great adventurer.
Not too long ago, there was a lot of uproar when a creature from the lower layer came up to the upper layer.
Not when there are people to worry about.
Not yet.
Not yet? What's going on, Poby? Where did he go?
Nothing else, but to find <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Traces of Werner</FONT> on the 1st floor of the abandoned lab Amicitia.
Nothing else, we have discovered a new laboratory around Einbroch.
Nothing happened. I'll increase the amount of holy water for the forty-ninth attempt.
Nothing piques adventurers' interest like the story of a strange place, right?
Nothing.
Now I can't see both of you... But don't go. I'm speaking in a quiet voice.
Now I know this is not the ruined village.
Now I understand why Dracula was so distrustful of you humans. I thought he was being too picky.
Now I wonder how far Bifrost's grace reaches.
Now I'm concerned...
Now deploy the rebellion troops.
Now go bring me 30 ^FF0000Fire Golem's Stone Teeth^000000 and 30 ^FF0000Fire Frilldora's Napes^000000.
Now go bring me Monster Bloods!
Now if you'll excuse me, Chunghae and I'll go investigate other places.
Now that I found out this is Dewata Island, I should find the material for this great weapon.
Now that I know that those nightmares really originated from Moonlight Flowers, I feel better.
Now that we know you exist, we can't ignore you. I can, but these people here can't. Their church won't allow it.
Now that we've found the missing scout,
Now that we've taken care of the main body, we can take things slow.
Now the Illusion Forces are deployed and continue their mission.
Now you can fish with Sirood again.
Now you know what I've been through.
Now, Adventurer and Sirood!! Can you help me?? Ehhh!!!!
Now, Adventurer. Let me know when you're ready.
Now, I learned how to make the weapon, ask me any time if you need it.
Now, I'll give you the fishing rod, a keepsake from Sirood. Thank you...
Now, come hug us? no, hug me first. Then, light will flash as the ice around me cracks, you know, like in those fairy tales!
Now, do you see this whirlpool!! This is the passage that connects to the bottom of the Bahia Trench!
Now, he's roaming about the cave, yearning for his owner's love. Isn't that so tragic? I was only trying to give him the love he wanted, and he punished me for it!
Now, hunt those heinous monsters with your bare hands and get me the materials!
Now, it's time for plant specimens.
Now, let's see how this affects the situation.
Now, look. As I said before, they don't mix at all, do they?
Now, that's enough.
Now, that's interfering with our original mission, which is to keep this place clear of the unholy.
Now, the Rebellion unit is in the process of following up.
Now, we need to help Vrid. Please get him out of the ice.
Now, what do I look like?
Of all those monsters,
Of course I don't have many days left and it's not the right time for me to go and I can't come back in time.
Of course I have to come back. It's a place where I can discover all new facts about the history of Turtle Island.
Of course I'm nervous. You don't have to ask me that.
Of course not. Only His servants can hear him.
Of course not. They will come again tomorrow.
Of course, I can help
Of course, I could be wrong.
Of course, I didn't come here for the treasures. We happened to be in the area, and I just wanted to check the place out.
Of course, it must be...
Of course, it's our ^006400Satay^000000!
Of course.
Of my home~
Of this I am certain.
Oh Doom Prayers, be joyous--finally we have all the materials!
Oh geez, here it goes again.
Oh geez, how do you move so fast?
Oh god! We don't have a message from the Jaty tribe yet.
Oh gods, what is this?!
Oh my God, he can't really play...
Oh my god... Human, a human? A real human?
Oh my gosh.. that place is where my brother and sister-in-law often went on dates.
Oh my~~ Almost succeeded... But failed. Sorry, sorry...
Oh no! I have so many orders and I'm running out of ingredients.
Oh no, were you hit by the shrapnel?
Oh no~ All the liquid is going to spoil...
Oh really...
Oh right!!
Oh thank God! Thank you. I thought I was going to die here!
Oh yes! Finally.
Oh you are here?
Oh you brought the oil, good job.
Oh!
Oh! And Comodo Dragon is a very powerful monster, so please be careful.
Oh! I almost forgot. Don't forget to bring the hilt that I just made you.
Oh! I didn't know about that!
Oh! Just as I expected!
Oh! Really?
Oh! Sorry, sorry! This leather is so interesting.
Oh! You've found all of them. Look! The feathers you have found are sparkling. Aren't they?
Oh!! You're-- Let me guess...
Oh!, I knew you'd help.
Oh,
Oh, God of Destruction!
Oh, I almost forgot.
Oh, I almost forgot. Let me cast my spell on you again. It's weak, so it will not last long.
Oh, I did mean to ask you if you had sleeping pills... But I'm dead... You won't hear me... Hmm.
Oh, I knew it...!!
Oh, I see a light!
Oh, I see you again
Oh, I want to go home...
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to keep you standing there. Could you get me some spores from Neon Mushrooms? I need some light to see what I'm writing.
Oh, I'm sorry, but I can't talk right now. I'm too busy examining the things you brought to me.
Oh, I'm sorry. The Church of Rune-Midgarts periodically sends its priests out to these catacombs to maintain peace.
Oh, You have delivered it
Oh, and I heard that the fishing rod was found today. Can I ask you to check if there is another floating substance in the nearby sea?
Oh, and it'll be great if you also can get rid of ^0000cd10 Sweet Nightmares^000000. I want to know how that'll affect dreams. Thank you!
Oh, and this is a stone I found while researching. I've been keeping it because it looks like something that could be used by adventurers, so please take it.
Oh, and while you're at it, could you hunt some zombies for that scowling priest as well? Just 5 of each kind. I don't want to burden you.
Oh, another adventurer just went over there. I heard that the dizziness has lessened.
Oh, are you okay with Tropical Sograt?
Oh, are you? I'm sorry. Maybe you could come back later? no, never mind.
Oh, are you? No problem. I can wait until you have some time for me.
Oh, are you? Then go. Go away.
Oh, by the way, are the chips sticking well?
Oh, by the way, is there anything else you need for coming back here?
Oh, by the way, weren't you looking for someone? What did you say his name was? Juju?
Oh, come on! You know I've been busy studying things!
Oh, come on! You're a priest? You're supposed to have faith in everyone! Why are you treating me like a thief?
Oh, didn't I tell you to bring 30 bottles of oil? Did you forget?
Oh, do you mean Bomi? I thought she was a vampire like Dracula.
Oh, don't remind me!
Oh, don't worry. I'm not thinking to send you out there.
Oh, doomsday has arrived!
Oh, have you been there? I fell asleep without realizing it.
Oh, hello...
Oh, it's a shard of his soul.
Oh, just in case, I actually found it!
Oh, keep up the good work collecting Bradium Boxes.
Oh, no! There is too many toxins in my body. It's getting dangerous!
Oh, no. That's?
Oh, no...	I can feel the toxins spreading through my body...!
Oh, not next door. They all ran away.
Oh, oh my, my gosh. The strong and sincere adventurer I've been looking for has appeared here.
Oh, really? Good for you!
Oh, since you are going there again, please make sure Leiphen is ok as well.
Oh, tell Mr. Memo that I'm sorry for the late delivery, and explain that it wasn't my fault.
Oh, thank God! Where are you?
Oh, that's right! Adventurer, could you capture a zombie for me? Alive, that is.
Oh, the cave that releases the noxious gas.
Oh, there's a problem with your working attitude?
Oh, this is great! Instead of fighting, why don't we ask this adventurer who is right?
Oh, wait!
Oh, well... I'm... Neon Mushrooms are... You know.
Oh, what a surprise!!
Oh, why am I here?
Oh, why am I so weak? Unlike my older brothers, my abilities are not particularly useful in battle.
Oh, why am I the only one thinking. Gerbena, help me!
Oh, yes. That's the order.
Oh, you already received Yggdrasil's blessing.
Oh, you are the hero of the last operation.
Oh, you don't even bother calling me by name anymore.
Oh, you have delivered it already?
Oh, you have delivered it.
Oh, you haven't visited the east of ^0000FFPalm Forest^000000 yet. I'm pretty worried.
Oh, you heard about the crown, eh?
Oh, you know how those spores glow. I want to use them to illuminate this place.
Oh, you went down to the 4th floor of Rudus. How was it?
Oh, you're right. You must have forgotten what I asked.
Oh... Come to think of it, you don't cough anymore, do you?
Oh... Is that so?
Oh... Sorry~ Sorry. I was so happy that I finally arrived at Dewata Island.
Oh... really, it's such a silly story. It's hard to keep talking.
Oh~ Look at this. How resilient... So soft.
Ok! Gather ^FF000060^0000FF ^0000FFPalm Oil Fruit^000000 and bring that amount to Mr. Lero.
Ok, I will help
Ok. Fine. Let me tell you. Promise me you will go back after listening. It's not like I want to talk a lot.
Okay now. Take my hand!
Okay then, tell me your story.
Okay!
Okay! A new body has arrived!
Okay, I'll attach it well so it doesn't bother you.
Okay, I'll tell you the story.
Okay, I've known the stem is nontoxic, but I haven't finished its substance research yet. Did you experience any side effect?
Okay, go and hunt hard!
Okay, go.
Okay, here's what you can do to help:
Okay, huh!
Okay, if you go hunting and from hunting, data will be gathered.
Okay, let's condense this...
Okay, let's go! Please show me the way! To the nearest place!
Okay, shall we begin?
Okay, so adventurer man.
Okay, so adventurer.
Okay, that's it then...
Okay, that's it! The data is clean and very nice. I'll paste it again.
Okay, that's my employer. I'm sorry I did something.
Okay, then I'll wait until you have some time for me.
Okay, this fox bead is not completely purged yet.
Okay, this is going to be a long story. Let me have some water first.
Okay, this way...
Okay, wait.
Okay, we're ready.
Okay.
Okay. Could you help me with the subjugation?
Okay. Have a nice adventure then.
Okay. I will transfer you to the Amicitia General Lab.
Okay. It won't be easy to find... Any traces, so please come back to me with just one.
Okay. It's worth it.
Okay. Travel safely. And thank you for your help.
Okay...
Okay...okay!
On behalf of my people
On the outside, maybe. But I will no longer fear death, and therefore have no desire to live.
On the way, please make sure Leiphen is doing good.
Once again, I have failed to
Once the nightmares are gone, we won't need to perform the ritual anymore!
Once we claim the land, the legendary power will be ours too.
Once you bring the oil palm nuts, Mr. Memo will exchange them with oil.
Once you find either one
One day, everyone started queuing up here, so I stood here too.
One day, people from the Church found me. They were bent on killing me in the name of justice.
One of us can search while the other covers for them.
One of us is missing. You hurt him, didn't you?
One side is normal seawater, and the other side is seawater mixed with seawater from the abyss buried in fishing rods. I'll try mixing these two.
One, two, three, four, . . . .
One, two...
Only I'm aware of that knowledge at the moment.
Only after everything else is destroyed,
Ooh! (Wincing)
Ooh, I'm going to be studying with you breathing down my neck, how exciting!
Oops!
Oops, I'm not in a position to compare similar faces... We're twins. Ha ha ha
Oops, yes!
Oops. Who are you?
Oops...
Oops... The fire didn't go well. I can't burn books or tools.
Oops... ah, this is definitely not saliva
Or did you forget what I asked you to do?
Or do you have a request to take on?
Or it could just reflect the dreams of the dead.
Or like that? Yes! This is the way!
Or maybe it's already taking place..
Or scram!
Or seeing these strange things around it.
Ordinary people like a professor can't even see us.
Other Sapphas were against me, for the safety of our kind,
Otherwise, how could you go in and out of someone else's dream?
Otto!
Ouch! Geez!
Ouch, HOT!
Our defense line is intact.
Our enemies are our friends in the face of a common enemy: Demon God.
Our faith is in you, stranger.
Our objective is to locate the Demon God.
Our priorities lie with Yggdrasil and her Guardian.
Our scouts have reported on the presence of a Frost Spider and a Fire Wolf that have tasted the Frost of Genesis.
Our target plant is called Sonia, a very primitive type of plant.
Our tribe is short on food supplies so we can't give out more of our ^006400Satay^000000, but there's a rumor that the restaurant owner in Dewata Island is making and selling their own ^006400Satay^000000.
Our tribe warriors come to my mind to deliver the food to share Satay with warriors in the village.
Our tribe's leader has a favor
Our tribe's warriors come to my mind before we share with anyone else.
Pah!
Palm tree... became.
Part of mana stolen from the orb, the crystallines are what
Payon is home for sacred creatures since ancient times.
People are not allowed to enter.
People desire what they don't have. I desired ^0000cdstrength^000000 because I was too small and frail to live like others my age.
People in the outside world must think I skipped town. How long has it been since I left?
People!!!
Phew...
Phew... I'm struggling all of a sudden. I'm an archaeologist, not a hero of an adventure story.
Phi~ braggart, Master Mao has already told me everything.
Piano Ooo!!!
Place it in your hand.
Play the <NAVI>[piano]<INFO>nif_dun01,140,202,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI>
Please ^4d4dffeliminate Distorted Morocc Reincarnation, Blazing Morocc Reincarnation, and Freezing Morocc Reincarnation.^000000
Please be careful because Comodo Dragon is very powerful monster. And don't forget to bring me 100 Comodo Leather on your way back.
Please be careful.
Please be careful; the environment of this place keeps changing without any warning.
Please bring 20 ^FF0000Scout Journals^000000
Please bring ^FF0000Scout Journals^000000
Please bring me
Please bring me ^0000cd10 Shining Spores^000000 from Neon Mushrooms and ^0000cd10 Clusters of Nightmares^000000 from Sweet Nightmares. Thank you.
Please bring me ^0000cd20 Wavy Manes^000000 as usual.
Please bring me ^0000cd20 Wavy Manes^000000 from ^0000cdSweet Nightmares^000000.
Please clean up your items and try again.
Please come back ^0000cdafter dawn^000000 tomorrow.
Please come back after hunting 10 Furious Gazetis inside the cave.
Please come back after hunting 10 Furious Ice Titans inside the cave.
Please come back after hunting 10 Furious Snowiers inside the cave.
Please come back after hunting 10 Hard Icicles inside the cave.
Please come back after you are at least level 180.
Please come back again at dawn.
Please come back later!
Please come back to help me!
Please come back to me when you're done!
Please deliver it before it cools down.
Please deliver it to them before it cools down.
Please deliver the news to Muyeon in the Detached Payon Palace.
Please don't bother us.
Please don't care about me....
Please don't let the chimeras leave the lab.
Please drop by tomorrow when the time is right. I'll be waiting for you.
Please eat three bowls of gongs!
Please enter the timer.
Please exterminate
Please exterminate ^0000cdRestless Dead^000000. There are ^0000cdthree different kinds: Small, Fast, and Big. Please exterminate 10 each.^000000.
Please exterminate ^0000cdRestless Deads^000000. There are ^0000cdthree different kinds: Small, Fast, and Big. Please exterminate 10 each.^000000.
Please exterminate the Frost Spider and Fire Wolf.
Please exterminate those creatures of the Demon God.
Please feel free to come back if you change your mind.
Please give my regards
Please go see Jerrymon and show him this fishing rod...even if it's trivial...I hope he has some information..
Please go to the cave and see if Muyeon and the soldier are outside already.
Please go to the cave's entrance in the Archer Village.
Please hand me the document. I'll sign it for you.
Please hear me out.
Please help me sleep, my dear.
Please help them, so they don't have to look for their bodies anymore.
Please help us.
Please hunt 15 of each.
Please hunt the ^0000FFAngry Nine Tails^000000 around this place.
Please investigate ^0000FF20 fire pits and collect 50 Burning Insect Shells from Firebugs^000000.
Please kill 10 of each.
Please leave.
Please let Nun Gem and Mojo know.
Please let me know if you have any new information!
Please let me know if you need any help!
Please make some room in your inventory.
Please observe proper manners inside the palace.
Please reduce your carried weight and come back again.
Please refrain from exploring it alone.
Please reinforce the weapon.
Please release 3 Brilliant Manas, 3 Life Manas, and 3 Earth Manas.
Please report to the Investigator
Please save Leiphen.
Please send them to heaven.
Please share Satay with the warriors in the village.
Please stay safe until I talk to you again.
Please step aside. You're blocking my vision.
Please step back.
Please stop him.
Please take a look.
Please take care of the ^0000FFAngry Soldiers^000000 in this place.
Please take good care of me today!
Please talk to Chief ^0000FFPaiko^000000.
Please talk to me again when you are ready to cross.
Please teach them not to act so sneaky.
Please tell Brother Grimm that we've decided to stay
Please tell Brother Grimm that we've decided to stay to keep an eye on them.
Please tell me that the researchers worked hard today.
Please tell me your friend looks like.
Please tell me. Where am I? What just happened here?
Please tell us already. I'm dying to know!
Please!
Please, before my passion fades out.
Please, it would honor us if you would take it.
Please.
Please... Maybe one day...
Please... please have mercy. I've been starving for too long...
Please?
Plus, I'm fast on my feet.
Plus, we really can't afford to lose the newborn Mayor.
Poby might in ^0000FFPalm Forest^000000. The crop is best at the southern part of the forest.
Poby owes me a few things, he'll give you some.
Poby still has a back pain.
Poby still has back pains and it will take some days for him to recover.
Poby.....
Poor souls, cover your eyes and block your ears.
Pray Harder!
Puhahaha I think you came to see the place where Hyung-nim and sister-in-law are dating.
Punish the intruder!!!
Punish them!
Put on my helm~
Put this here, and process it like this...
Put this in your mouth. Shh, quietly!
Quit investigating.
Quit.
Quite interesting, isn't it?
RAWR!
Rampaging Boxes themselves aren't threatening, but they're surrounded by dangerous monsters. Please be careful.
Ranger's name is Briashen...
Really!
Really, that's... not a sane place to go
Really... Really? Are you going to come back here and find me?
Really?
Rebellion units are also on duty.
Recently, I haven't had much to laugh about because of various things, but thanks to you, I laughed out loud. I look forward to the next story.
Reinforcing the Caress has been successful. See you later.
Relax...
Relax... and focus your mind on it ... open your mind to its energy.
Relay what happened.
Remember Morning? Where the little boy stays.
Remember what Muyeon said?
Reported to Luanda and gained experience.
Research memo in neat handwriting. Werner's handwriting is exactly like this.
Researchers of the Secret Wing say that after fierce competition among the subjects, the strongest subjects seem to have settled there.
Researchers seem to be very interested in these guys.
Researchers want to know how the subjects of Rudus differ from those distributed on the 4th floor.
Restart the clock.
Revenge... Revenge... Munch... Muunch... Munch... Muunch...
Revenge?
Right now, there are so many toxins in my body that I can feel like I'm turning into a monster.
Right... I owed Memo's grandfather. Wait, I hid some oil around here.
Rise!
Rune-Midgarts is flanked by Arunafeltz and Schwarzwald, the two strongest nations of the continent, and its magic power is what keeps them at bay.
Rwella?
Ryoson, don't panic--fear spreads like wildfire.
Ryoson, no one's going to bite ya. Don't be so afraid.
STOP! Stop hitting me in the face!
Sa, some people might sleep!!
Save that friend.
Say WHAT?!
Sea monsters do attack from time to time, but that's about it...
Search this Doomsland and find ^FF000040 Blessing Stones^000000.
Second person to be delivered ^006400Satay^000000 is someone who stays across the river.
Secret Wing researchers are resting.
Secret Wing researchers left work already.
Secret Wing researchers want to collect <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Dolorian, Plagarion, and Deadre</FONT> data.
Secret of the Ice Cave!
Secretly from that priest, of course.
See if you can break the ice around him. If it works, then please break me out of the ice, too.
See those two little water bottles here?
See you again.
See, I told you!
See, I told you! One of his friends already showed up! This is why I don't trust humans!
Seeing other humans and seeing a clone of myself are two different things!
Seeing that you're an adventurer, I assume you're familiar with the ^0000FFPayon Cave^000000.
Seriously. We met here a few times, together with ants...
Seup, Ha-am... Down this slope is an access control area.
Shake the tree
She left without telling us what happened.
She might know about this.
She ran into the cave, as if she was possessed by something.
She said Dracula betrayed her.
She still hasn't forgiven me. But I did what I had to do.
She's not ungrateful. She never wanted what I gave her.
She's right. We shouldn't. But looking at them... I wasn't sure if they deserved to die.
Should I ask Mr. Luanda about what happened?
Should I say aloud since I met you? My name is Mao. I'm the younger brother of Luanda, whom you met the other day.
Should I say hello? Nice to meet you. I'm Luanda, the defense manager of this cave.
Should I say it's like water and oil? There's a section where they never mix.
Should Sirood come back safely?
Should have killed!
Shouldn't you say that yourself first?
Shush.
Sigh, Sister Marina is right.
Sigh, anyway, that lizard does exist inside this cave. If you want to see it, then press down on all 4 Orbs of Seal in the center of the cave within 30 seconds. That'll make it come out of hiding.
Sigh, how long do I have to do this?
Sigh, maybe they all forgot about me, as if I never existed. That's what pains me the most.
Sigh, the world hasn't ended, again.
Sigh, this is all because of you, idiot.
Sigh, whatever. Please help them.
Sigh.
Sigh. I'll go after her. Talk to the Elders, will you?
Sigh. This is Vrid.
Sigh...
Sigh... This knucklehead touched something he shouldn't.
Silent Gatekeeper: ...
Silent Gatekeeper: ...means welcome.
Silent Gatekeeper: ...means you are under-leveled.
Since he said he was a ranger who injured his left arm, it can't be that he's the only friend he's ever seen.
Since it'd be our first visit to the Other World, we wanted to go to a more popular spot, but one of us wouldn't have it--he was so excited that he started acting out of control.
Since we're underground, it's too dark for me to write and read. I have a lot of information that I want to catalog, but I keep misspelling words because I can't see them clearly.
Since you came all the way here
Since you've been hired by the village, I'd like you to work hard and lighten the burden a bit. It's really hard these days. Please.
Sirood is back with us.
Sirood went fishing alone and we haven't seen him since...
Sirood's fishing pole has risen above sea level. His item was nowhere to be found during the search!
Sirood's fishing rod was found.
Sirood's passion for fishing was to the point that he invited us to go fishing even in the rain and wind.
Sirood... ah, I think I know who it is.
Sirood...?
Sister Gem, please listen to me!
Sister Gem, this is just a waste of time. They're going to kill us the first chance they get. Let's get rid of of them before they do!
Sister Marina, have you seen the mushrooms in this place? They're not like the mushrooms we know. They're miniature bombs that blow up when touched.
Sister Mojo, please stay out of this.
Sisters, let me talk. Your tendency to jump to conclusions is not helping this situation.
Sleep alive! Kyaaak!
Sleep enough while you're alive.
Sleep is precious...
Sniff.. I can smell the humans. It's not time to run into them yet. Let's go.
Sniff... I can smell the humans. It's not time to run into them yet. Let's go.
Snoring, my dear.
So I prepared to sample the special food of our tribe, called ^006400Satay^000000
So I told you, I'll go bring them back. I'm stronger than I look. I can do this on my own.
So I want to save all life. Those who have flowed in and even those trapped by the burden forever.
So I was looking for someone to help me.
So I was wondering if you could apply for me again this time...
So I'm asking this adventurer. You keep telling me don't do this, don't do that. Is there anything I can do without you saying no?
So I'm thinking... Could you bring me some more today? I need ^0000cd10 Dried Yggdrasil Leaves and 10 Suspicious Pentacles^000000.
So I've brought our bravest Gartens to the battlefield.
So They've come true.
So either we went alone or he went alone... One day he saw someone there who looked just like him.
So far, so good.
So have you come to an agreement?
So he ^0000cdpromised^000000. Then one day, some people came here looking for him, and they fought.
So how was Acid?
So leave it to us to take care of this area, and you go ahead and head north.
So please let me have it. I'll give it back to you after I figure that all out.
So scary, I'm gonna wet my pants!
So since you are wandering here...
So we're resorting to brute force. You want me to go first? Coward! Sigh... Please be gentle? no, hit me with your best shot!
So we've come to an agreement. We'll leave now.
So were you arguing about which one of you should go to that place?
So what did it look like?
So what's really dangerous right now...
So what's your point?
So when my first nightmare occurred, I thought it was under the same boat as the others.
So you can keep an eye on us. Drac, I can't take this anymore!
So you're hating your own kind.
So you're not as stupid as I thought.
So you're okay with this adventurer reading it, but not me.
So you're saying they really are innocent.
So, can you help me a bit more?
So, did you get recognized by the natives?
So, how's the Caress that I made you?
So, mm... Our new friend...
So, that is the Comodo Leather. But not enough.
So, what did Lero say?
So, what is this about?
So, what kind of research would you like to help with today?
So, you want to reinforce your weapon? The weapon gets broken from time to time during the process, but it doesn't happen that often.
So, you're in a hurry to leave. Did something happen?
So...
So... I pulled my hair out and looked into it.
Sob!
Some mages decided to erect an ivory tower of their own. They searched everywhere in the continent and settled on the ground above these catacombs.
Some of the work they were doing in the incubator was mass production of mutated chimeras.
Some of them were the nine-tailed foxes. The foxes anger is beyond normal.
Some of those Demons pouring out of the Flaming Basin are a real pain in the neck.
Some quests are in progress.
Somebody please shut him up. I hate this story.
Somehow, among the test subjects abandoned in Rudus, only particularly strong ones seem to be gathered.
Something is not right!
Something is off the floor.
Something shiny and has the same feeling of Sirood's fishing rod, so I secured it for now.
Something was a bit sinister, but I think it will be quite profitable this time, youngest.
Something was a bit sinister, but I think this time it will be quite profitable, youngest.
Something's weird here
Sometimes I think this condemned basin is alive.
Sometimes the direct approach is best. Let's try to hit the ice until it breaks. Try Zeith's first, please.
Sonia specimens are the last of my specimen collection. If you happen to ^0000FFsee peculiar Sonias^000000, please don't hesitate to let me know.
Sonias were the most delicious and least toxic among all the plants I tried.
Soon the Human Alliance will send out a Demon subjugation party. Come by before you leave.
Soon the judgment will begin and we'll be blessed.
Soon we'll face a decisive war.
Sorry for the sudden request.
Sorry to bother you.
Sorry, I am busy.
Sorry, I am too busy to help.
Sorry, I'm afraid of ghost.
Sorry, I'm not good at remembering people's faces! But I think you are not good enough to ask about my work here.
Sorry, but I don't want to get between you two. You both have a point, and I can't side with either one of you.
Sorry, it's my fault...
Sorry, wait a minute.
Soul Linkers communicates with the spirits for a living, Having nightmares is just occurs normally.
Sounds like a big problem.
Speak out loud!
Speak, and state your business.
Stand in line!
Stay away from me, and I won't hurt you.
Stay chilling then.
Step back.
Step out under the morning sun~
Steven brought it because he said he was looking for something salty to eat at home.
Steven is...cough
Steven!
Steven: Air worse than in the mine...
Steven: Can't you let me go?!
Steven: Please.
Steven: Ugh... nagging...
Steven: What an idiot!
Still alive.
Still the same?
Still things have gone well with your help.
Still, Mirko was too weak to come in here to search, so it was pointless to worry about.
Still, the village chief, the best elder in the village, seems to have suffered less damage because he was calm. Thanks for the story.
Stop acting like a hero and move back!
Stop bothering me and scram!
Stop bothering me.
Stop eavesdropping on people.
Stop it... It's coming, agh!!
Stop! Let's do over!
Stop? I didn't say anything wrong. You are going to leave and forget everything soon. You will never come back.... right?
Strange, what is it?
Such experiments are prohibited now, and all the old records were destroyed.
Suddenly from my hands... like it melted away.
Suddenly, a large noise begins to boom as you and ^0000FFPaiko^000000 are surrounded by warm and bright sparkling energy like a thousand tinkling fireflies.
Sure, I will
Sure, anything for you.
Sure, be my guest.
Sure, why not?
Sure.
Sweet Nightmares... Even their name is a contradiction. Maybe their mane is the source of all nightmares.
THE PROUD!
Take Gona with you.
Take care of Briashen.
Take care of those chasing us appropriately.
Take care of yourself!! I hope there is even the smallest clue...
Take care. Don't be late...
Take me to Briashen's!
Take me with you!
Take this. I don't need it.
Take your reward.
Talk to me again if you want to help us.
Talk to me when you're ready to go ashore!
Talk to the scholar, maybe he could give you an information on the situation.
Teddy Bear: Let's Run!!!!
Teddy Bear: What have you done to me...
Tell Mirko that. Then see you later
Tell her about the central rock.
Tell me
Tell me when you're ready.
Tension in the battlefield always thrills me.
Th-then see you tomorrow, Adventurer...
Th-this is unfair...
Thank God...
Thank the gods, who knew that thing I ate out of hunger would save me?
Thank to you.
Thank you
Thank you for accepting. Well, I think it's better to think of these monsters as different ones from Turtle Island.
Thank you for being so active with us.
Thank you for coming back tomorrow and working with me.
Thank you for helping me too.
Thank you for helping them rest.
Thank you for remembering
Thank you for saving me
Thank you for saving me.
Thank you for telling me, and thank you for passing here at just the right time.
Thank you for the meal.
Thank you for waiting. I'm good now. Let me finish.
Thank you for waiting...
Thank you for your cooperation!
Thank you for your cooperation.
Thank you for your hard work.
Thank you for your hard work. Take a good rest today and visit us tomorrow.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for your kind heart.
Thank you for your service.
Thank you in advance!
Thank you so much adventurer.
Thank you so much!!
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much. See you tomorrow!
Thank you so much. You should get some rest now.
Thank you very much for your support. The two types of chimeras are staying on the first floor of the closed lab Amicitia.
Thank you very much for your support. The two types of chimeras will probably be roaming the ground floor of the closed lab Amicitia.
Thank you very much, adventurer.
Thank you very much.
Thank you!!!
Thank you, Adventurer. Everything went well, and no one got hurt because of you.
Thank you, I'd appreciate it if you could help me defeat the deep sea creatures or fishmen.
Thank you, I'll put it to good use in my research.
Thank you, adventurer.
Thank you, and I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Thank you. I know that you're busy and helping me can be a chore.
Thank you. I need ^0000cd10 Sticky Bloods from Matte Drainliars and 10 Mushroom Saps from Neon Mushrooms^000000. Thank you for doing this for me.
Thank you. I'll see you.
Thank you. I'm sorry, but I've heard you fighting, even from that far corner of this dungeon.
Thank you. In return, I'll give you some stones I've picked up from this place.
Thank you. Meat, I will die if I can't eat.
Thank you. Now I can
Thank you. See you again tomorrow.
Thank you. See you tomorrow.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Thank you. Thanks to you, I found out about Mao's troubles.
Thank you. Turns out I forgot to introduce myself.
Thank you. We will hand this over to the secret wing agents for investigation.
Thank you... Um, let me cast a spell on you. You will go to the others as well today?
Thanks to the hero who organized it one step ahead, it seems to have made it easier to enter.
Thanks to the hero who organized it one step ahead, we will be able to enter easily..
Thanks to the hero, it's easy to enter and subdue the Chimera.
Thanks to you we've found an effective wayto deal with the monsters.
Thanks to you, Adventurer, I am having a fun and exciting time every day.
Thanks to you, I get hospital bills and your cough...
Thanks to you, I have been able to continue my studies in the deep parts of the mine.
Thanks to you, I will sleep well today.
Thanks to you, adventurer. Thank you very much.
Thanks to you, that whether accident has shocked everyone and put them in their place.
Thanks to you, they will be able to easily enter and subdue the Chimera.
Thanks to you, though, that whether accident has shocked everyone and put them in their place.
Thanks!! Can you do something for me?
Thanks...
Thanks... Really...
That ^0000CDenlightened mage^000000 looks dangerous.
That careless klutz!
That cursed lizard roams about this cave, still wanting to go outside. Isn't that tragic? I was only trying to free him, and in return, he froze me in a block of ice!
That depends on what kind of cape you want. Just know that it's tough to make stuff with hair.
That doesn't guarantee you won't in the future.
That heartless heretic couldn't care less about us.
That heretic has fooled us with the wrong stones!
That hurts like hell!
That hurts!
That is the ^0000FFTribe Manager^000000.
That is, life and death...
That isn't what you told me the first time. I never believed that stupid story, anyway. I followed you in because I was curious. I totally regret it now.
That must be ^0000FFPoby^000000. If he has been hurt, that's why there wasn't any message. Lero actually cares about him a lot...
That one has its own cuteness point?
That only applies to us humans. They're vampires!
That purple lady called the Guardian said she'd go there soon.
That should be enough to break the spirit of the rest.
That sounds like something similar could happen in the future, right?
That was the beginning of the tragedy.
That was the last entry. I took my hand off the notebook. Father Grimm closed the notebook.
That was the same question we asked at first. That didn't matter anymore once we read what was written in the book.
That went horribly wrong. The special energy that surrounded the catacombs exploded, bringing back all the dead buried in them.
That windy day... I had been feeling very guilty for not stopping Sirood from going fishing.
That wizard looks pretty strong.
That world of his is now filled with nothing but hellish memories that repeat themselves over and over.
That'll ensure Chunghae's safety during his investigation.
That's a good question. Zeith, answer him.
That's all.
That's alright. But it's also annoying...
That's because this form is more efficient. I don't have to drink a lot to get full, I'm inconspicuous, and people, like that numskull over there, let their guard down around me.
That's blasphemy!
That's for you to figure out. I'm not a cape maker, am I? But I know you would need more than that.
That's good to hear.
That's good, but someone still has to stay here to keep an eye on them. You understand us, right? Please let Brother Grimm know.
That's great because we're worried about the Temple of the Demon God. We can't seem to close it.
That's great. Here, we recently found a way to go deeper.
That's kind of rude, answer my question too. Have you seen Briashen?
That's not crazy kkkk.
That's not the answer I expected,
That's not true. Others of your kind just want to kill me.
That's really sad.
That's really weird. You hunt living monsters, but somehow it only gives rotten meat?
That's right! Adventurer man,
That's right! Adventurer,
That's right. A lot of people said they saw it.
That's the normal reaction from humans! She's ungrateful!
That's the reason we have been performing a ritual in regular basis.
That's the reason why you shut yourself up in the west cave.
That's the spirit!
That's the worst thing I've ever seen.
That's true, but... Cough... My friend who went to the mine for work hasn't come back yet... Cough.
That's weird. As you can see I'm fine. I'm looking for my friend who broke up here
That's what Muyeon said.
That's what people do, to protect those they love.
That's what those crazy people call this Flaming Basin.
That's why I ask you to hunt them.
That's why I fed him my blood and tended to his wounds, even though I knew I shouldn't.
That's why Mirko asked me to help too.
That's why we're defending against monster attacks here.
That's why we're worried about her.
That's why you're out in the field.
That's...
That's....!
That... Still, I can't let you in on my own.
The 4th floor of Rudus is not a comfortable place to go in and out easily.
The 4th-floor entities Giant Caput and Venedi are greatly altered from the other-floor entities
The Chief who is worried about me has disappeared. I have to tell Mr. Luanda what I've been through.
The Demon God!
The Fire Spider is called Brinaranea; the Fire Wolf, Muspellskoll.
The Guardian is watching. I can't make any mistakes.
The Guardians are making things easier, but...
The HODE is evil!
The Jeruths and Nits in Dicastes Diel may have acquiesced Hesranta's plea,
The Luanda Caves are strategically the only way out north of town.
The Moonlight Flower are recreating the past in their nightmares.
The Payon Cave is used to be a part of a village that was buried under a landslide.
The Sapphas aren't enemies... The Sapphas aren't enemies... Argh, but I want to beat them senseless!
The Sapphas had better not flank us.
The Story of this bird describes it helping the gods exterminate wicked demons and snakes.
The Teddy Bear just...
The Temple of the Demon God is discovered inside the cave in the central hill.
The Temple of the Demon God is stuck in a perpetual time loop,
The Temple of the Demon God, huh? Okay, well if you find stray mana from the orb in there, could you take care of it?
The Tribe leader has the duty of making and protecting the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 to uphold the tribe's pride and honor.
The ^0000FFland was burning with perpetual flames^000000 that weren't too hot to touch, and ^0000FFstrange-looking plants and insects^000000 were crawling all over the place.
The ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 has been known to have miraculous power since the time of the ancients.
The adventurer is here!
The air here is worse than the mine... Cough
The bat blood she drinks sometimes causes her to go out of her mind. She calms down after a while, but if the people from the Church see her in that vulnerable state, they will try to kill her.
The bats in the catacombs drink blood from the zombies, probably because there's nothing else to eat.
The brothers disappeared quickly. I have to tell Luanda what happened.
The colleague Briashen spoke of was Khahris,
The color drains from his face.
The composition of normal sea water and deep sea water is almost the same. But the only difference is the deep sea of Bahia Trench.
The content of this notebook isn't what causes me alarm. Didn't you detect some ^0000cdstrange energy^000000 when you touch it?
The conversation trails off and you don't hear any more.
The crazy villagers over there... they have a banquet every day.
The damn ^BDBDBDuh^000000.. mon..^BDBDBDmonster^000000...
The damn^BDBDBDuh..^000000 Mon..^BDBDBDDmonster^000000...
The damn^BDBDBDuh^000000 mon..^BDBDBDDmonster^000000...
The damn^BDBDBDuh^000000.. mon..^BDBDBDDmonster^000000...
The day Sirood went missing was exactly the same rainy and windy day. I put on my raincoat and went to go fishing.
The day is over and you two stay together. I'll give you a new spell.
The day when the destruction of the world begins,
The day when the destruction of the world begins.
The dead belong in the ground, and you're one of them. What do you think you are?
The dead belong in the ground. We are here to ^0000cdput the undead back to eternal sleep^000000.
The dead don't talk. There's nothing I can find out from them.
The dead shall return to the earth!
The doll we made is alive and moving!
The duration of the vortex is very short. It took me 2 months just to put my fishing rod with my name on it into the vortex.
The environmental characteristics of this area are making the investigation too difficult.
The essence is a turtle, so I can eat but I couldn't hunt alone, so I starved all this time....
The eyes of those warriors were anxious yet determined before going up ^8B4513Krakatau Volcano^000000.
The first blow is half the battle.
The floor is dark. Watch your step!
The four of us, Sirood, Raket, Gein, and I often enjoyed fishing.
The foxes spirits are getting more resentful by time, and no one knows the reason why.
The front lines are most dangerous.
The furious king froze the cave and summoned formidable monsters in it, so no one would ever dare invade his kingdom again. Tragic, isn't it??
The future of Midgard rests on your shoulders.
The gas is ^0000FFso thick in the air, you can't see the cave entrance clearly^000000.
The ghost that was talking about is not seen, and another ghost is sleeping.
The gun is good!
The guy in front has already ran away!
The ingredients might be useless if it is delivered too late.
The instigator of all the bad things is really hiding out in here, huh?
The investigation is going smoothly~
The journal could have been separated into pages, snapped at by those feral monsters.
The king was worried about the growing number of thieves, when a young warrior came in and drove all the invaders away. The king was overjoyed and gave the warrior his daughter's hand in marriage.
The last person to be delivered ^006400Satay^000000 is
The light... The magic... Please stop that magic...
The living man plays the piano!
The magic on the dropped stone is connected to me, so by measuring the distance, I can get a little idea of how deep it is and what's going on near the stone.
The man was deathly afraid, but he was alive and left this place.
The missing priest is called ^0000cdJubilee^000000 and the wizard is ^0000cdJojo^000000. They're the typical priest and wizard. You won't miss them.
The moment they hit our bodies,
The moment they hit our bodies, they'll turn into flower petals with a loud pop!
The monsters here are much stronger than the monsters on the Turtle Island we know. Please?
The name Briashen was looking for was Khahris...
The name is <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Amicitia General Lab</FONT>. According to the data provided by Rekenber, it is said to be a sister laboratory of the Werner Institute.
The news of Sirood's disappearance immediately spread throughout Izlude and a large-scale search was conducted with a lot of time and manpower invested, but the search ended without finding any clues.
The notebook... I want to see the notebook... If you want to enter the notebook, then you should talk to Father Grimm. If you want, I can go with you.
The number of individuals continues to increase without the help of a culture facility, so please hunt 15 of each.
The only person I can ask for is you...
The only way to send away these crazy people must be prove them they're wrong.
The palm tree denies
The patients are showing remarkable improvements, though they need to stay in bed for now.
The pay is so good compared to the job, and the delivery place is also a mine, so it was a bit suspicious...
The people from the Church?
The piano is stunned...
The place is too small to do this much here, so let's do it in Izlude. In order to get help from your friends.
The place looks like it's on the verge of utter collapse but.. I can see bursts of vibrant growth.
The place where you met me for the first time... Remember? I'll be waiting.
The population of deep sea creatures is increasing. Adventurer, may I ask for your help?
The problem is... the amount of essence on a fishing rod can't make a whirlpool large enough for a person to fit in.
The professor got my stuff, so I could recognize it right away. Normally I wouldn't have known.
The professor will just come back. Let's find him.^000000 -
The quest itself doesn't have to be difficult, as you just have to go around the cave and deal with the monsters or bring the byproducts of the monsters.
The reason I asked you to embark on this important mission is because of this feather.
The reason is...
The request has been cancelled.
The research will last forever...!
The researcher said he's withdrawn now. Chip maintenance is enough once a day!
The same goes for you, Humans.
The scenery looks familiar, yet in a way... strange.
The scout headed for the area teeming with monsters.
The smashed... no, don't say that.
The snoring ghost is nowhere to be seen, and another ghost is sleeping.
The spirits of the Moonlight Flowers are still living in the past.
The story begins with my journey to the ^0000FFOther World^000000, the latest hot spot for adventurers.
The story you just told me was really helpful. Thank you, adventurer.
The sun always rises in the East. The well known laziness wakes up early in the morning.
The symbol of Dayak Tribe
The symbol of the Dayak Tribe is also a famous mystical creature.
The symbol of the Jaty Tribe is also a famous mystical creature.
The tale has been passed down from generation to generation.
The tall Blessing Gate will appear itself before us, wide open for us!
The third person to deliver the ^006400Satay^000000 to is the ^0000FFGatekeeper of Krakatau Volcano^000000.
The time has passed...
The tourist attraction has expanded continuously but the reason it hasn't influenced us here is due to this small temple which I am managing.
The triplets are said to have been named Karu, Luanda, and Mao after the village caves.
The vague image I saw is indistinguishable from hell.
The water feels too warm for my liking, but beggars can't be choosers.
The water pressure is also much lower than that of normal seawater, so it is assumed that it has a favorable environment for life.
The weapon material that I so longed for is ^0000FFComodo Leather^000000. Please get me 100 of them.
The weapon material that I was looking for is ^0000FFComodo Leather^000000. Bring me 100 of them, and I will make you a fancy weapon.
The weather today is so beautiful.
The whirlpool will be created soon.
The widest and deepest known trench is the ^4d4dffBahia Trench^000000 near Izlude.
The world is still an okay place to live.
The world will bow before the mighty power of the Nazarians!!!!!
The young man finished what he was saying and disappeared. He must have followed his brothers who went before him. What the hell is he doing?
The young man has disappeared again. I need to tell Mr. Luanda.
The young man has disappeared. Didn't you say that this young man was Mr. Luanda? I should tell Luanda what I've been through.
Their journey was perilous, but they bravely moved forward.
Their nightmares are coming true.
Their rule is to help anyone who needs help regardless of who they are. Simple, isn't it?
Then
Then Chunghae won't be able to fully investigate this place.
Then I should pay you for the work you did today.
Then I'll ask you again tomorrow.
Then I'll cross first!!! Follow me carefully!
Then I'll have to tell them everything,
Then I'll take care of you tomorrow too.
Then I'll wait for the good news.
Then I'm going to go with the Adventurer!
Then again, I'll take care of you tomorrow.
Then be careful!
Then be careful.
Then have a good day and see you tomorrow!
Then have a good time. Adventurer.
Then have a nice day today!!
Then help me study the people from the Secret Wing.
Then let's go to the ^0000CDDetached Payon Palace.^000000
Then let's meet in Izlude!!
Then meet me at the ^0000FFDimensional Crack^000000. I need to replenish myself first.
Then please come back after dawn.
Then please do me a favor.
Then please help me defeat
Then see you in Izlude!!
Then see you later
Then see you near the exit in a minute!
Then since you've finished your work, take a good rest. Please take care of me tomorrow as well~
Then take care of yourself~~!!
Then the mana will be returned to Yggdrasil.
Then what about you? I know you can transform. But what else can you do?
Then what are you?
Then what can explain their mobility? Every living thing that moves has a soul.
Then why did you turn her against her wish?
Then you should be rewarded for your hard work.
Then you should pass it.
Then you'd better go attend to your business.
Then you'll cry and beg me to let you join us.
Then, Adventurer, please bring me ^0000cd10 Shining Spores^000000 from Neon Mushrooms and ^0000cd10 Clusters of Nightmares^000000 from Sweet Nightmares.
Then, I would like to thank you.
Then, as Briashen asked, would you like to go downstairs to help him?
Then, do you mind if I tag along?
Then, go back. To the place you came.
Then, let me open it.
Then, let's go to the ^0000FFoasis near the northwestern sphinx^000000.
Then, one day, while I was here, I met an ^0000cdentity^000000 who was not human.
Then... should I touch this?
There adventurer, wait a minute!
There are a lot of things I'd like to research, but it's better to go back for now.
There are cases where you cannot complete a request on the bulletin board right away, but there is no specific time limit, so don't be in a hurry.
There are few contacts between
There are many enemies, so let's scatter and run away!
There are many other attractions around our village.
There are rare life forms at the bottom of the trench, and marine scientists like myself have shown great interest and have been exploring them.
There are some things that don't seem to belong to this Flaming Basin.
There is a brief twinkling of light ^0000FFKasyapa^000000 all of sudden seems to be taken aback.
There is a limit to the protection spell.
There is a quest whose cooldown has not passed.
There is no one around here except me and you, right? I've been around here for days ^FF0000but I haven't seen anyone^000000.
There is no such thing as a song request.
There is nothing we old folk could do.
There is something
There is something I would like to share with you regarding our tribe.
There is something on the floor. Shall we take a closer look?
There is something on the other side of the shimmering portal.
There must be some misunderstanding.
There they are! They look fine!
There was an accident. The people who almost killed me found me again.
There was no touch, but the ghost stopped snoring.
There was no touch, but the ghost stopped talking.
There were three people who looked like Khahris...
There's a cave near the Archer Village in the back of Payon.
There's a man saying blow hot and cold, it seems that a word is easy but it is not.
There's a palm tree
There's a palm tree with fruits and flowers hanging from its branches.
There's a palm tree.
There's a reason why it is so cheap...
There's a shimmering portal in the air.
There's another portal that looks just like the one we came through.
There's another vampire! No wonder why this place felt so off it's filled with vampires!
There's more than one or two things to look into, I'll be busy.
There's no way they just sent money like this when nothing happened.
There's nothing inside this mound of dirt.
There's one more.
These are Sonias, right? They weren't so many before.
These are found only inside this place. Please bring them to me whenever you can. Dreams disappear when you wake up, you know.
These are literally emergency items. It would be perfect if they were not used, but...
These aren't enough.
These foxes, villagers, and angry spirits...
These monsters are quite ferocious, so be very careful.
These soldiers tried to protect their villagers until the last moment,
They also named them Karu, Luanda, and Mao after the caves around town.
They appear to be mutant versions of Midgard monsters
They are gone.
They are quite annoying, so be careful.
They became bitter after being ignored too many times. Now, they pretend to be friendly,
They conducted various experiments to understand the special energy that reanimated the dead.
They died such a horrible death that they're unable to move on to the Netherworld.
They don't stop coming.
They even tried to kidnap you!
They have knives in their hands... 
They have never broken a promise for 10 years, I do not know the reason. What's happening?
They just look big because of the icicles growing on their bodies.
They just vanished.
They look cute... but they're terribly noisy.
They look just like those Reincarnations that attacked Morocc City,
They may not be real, but if they pose any threat to the living, then they must be taken care of.
They might kick us out if they know we sneaked in.
They might not go away completely.
They must be near the cave by now.
They prove the end is near!
They re-mutated the mutated homunculus and further strengthened their aggression.
They really could be the Bradium Boxes that Chesher stole from Dicastes.
They reminded me of the time when the village was buried under landslide.
They said he casts powerful spells wherever he goes, and it was one of his spells that shook the ground and caused the fatal landslide. As a result, a lot of the villagers and foxes died.
They said it was the name of the guardian spirits that guarded the old village.
They took ^BDBDBDmy^000000 treasure^BDBDBDD.... My!! treasure^000000...!!
They were creating more powerful mutated chimeras.
They were destroyed for good reason. So stop wondering about them.
They were just studying.
They were like twins
They were persistent.
They weren't mushrooms, they were zombies!
They worked, didn't they?
They're boxes of some kind.
They're formidable enemies.
They're just as evil as their master Morocc.
They're not difficult to gather. Please ^0000FFpick 50 Sonias and bring me 50 stems^000000.
They're not knights-in-training, or even apprentice knights. They're freaking Rune Knights.
They're the spitting images of Bradium Boxes in Dicastes.
They've all been eliminated, thank you for your hard work.
They've appeared out of nowhere.
They've got their hair as if a bomb hit, and they look so excited.
Things could quickly go out of control
Things haven't even started off yet;
This ^8B4513Cendrawasih Feather^000000 was owned by our first tribe leader when the crown was originally created.
This adventurer is now radiating a massive amount of cold energy!
This area is dangerous.
This area... Well,
This book is sustained with its owner's spiritual energy, and it's pulling those who gaze upon it into ^0000cdthe world inside it^000000.
This bright and beautiful figure...
This confirms my suspicion:
This definitely looks abysmal enough for someone like him to hang around.
This does it! Father Grimm, put that book down. Let's fight!
This feels great!
This fishing rod belongs to my friend <FONT COLOR = 4D4DFF><FONT SIZE = 16><B>Sirood</FONT></FONT></B> who went missing three months ago. I found something!!!
This fishing rod was made by Sirood himself, so it is the only one. You can see the initials on the handle here, S.R.D!!
This fishing rod... It was submerged in the water for 3 months, but it was found in its original form, or worse, in a state of disrepair.
This guy has never broken a promise for 10 years, so he must have a really good reason not to come.
This horrible nightmare...
This is Dewata Island? You're sure this is Dewata Island?
This is a great discovery!
This is a high-security job, so I only want to ask the hero a favor.
This is a hypothesis.
This is a matter of pride.
This is a perilous task.
This is a totem that glows softly in blue.
This is all too terrifying...
This is bad, really bad!
This is just too scary. I'm gonna cry a little more...
This is just...
This is not a safe environment.
This is not a short story. Oh! I have to introduce myself first. I am Mastersmith Gatti, also an Adventurer.
This is not an order, but a request;
This is not good.
This is not the time to be sad. We need to build more defenses and take other measures.
This is notebook is both ^0000cda diary and research journal^000000.
This is only because it's too dark to see. And stop peeking at what I'm doing!
This is some of the best news
This is terrible.
This is the beauty of adventuring:
This is the forty-eighth attempt. Now, let me sprinkle holy water.
This is the palm tree oil which was in short supply. Be careful please. It was really hard to get this...
This is the third time I had nightmares. I can't take it anymore!
This is too dangerous.
This island is strange. I arrived here a week ago, and everybody here has been avoiding me.
This isn't a town with plenty of food, and I don't think there's any particular reason for monsters to target it.
This isn't enough.
This isn't just about collecting the orb's mana, but also has to do with the Demon God.
This isn't much, but I want you to have it.
This isn't the number I ordered from Poby.
This land!!!
This matter is out of our hands now.
This must be
This one has a different color from Neon Mushrooms. Is it a new kind? I'd better pick it carefully...
This orb needs more time to gather enough energy before it'll work.
This person will be the key to assisting us to make the crown.
This piece might be a clue. Please take a look.
This place has gone to the dogs since that monster proclaimed that he would replace God.
This place has so many things I want to study, I don't know where to begin. Oh my, look at that Nightmare!
This place is a worth of a serious study.
This place is bizarre beyond comprehension.
This place is much more exciting than I imagined!
This place is nothing like I've imagined.
This place is overrun with strange creatures.
This place is the spitting image of the Geffen catacombs, and it probably exists inside the notebook's owner's memory.
This place is too dangerous for you. Pleae come back when you're stronger.
This place is too dangerous. Return to the base, now!
This place might be much more than I thought it was!
This proverb ^0000FF'Mengatakan mudah, mengerjakan susah.'^000000 means it is easy to say something but hard to do anything.
This quest can be done again tomorrow.
This really is a great discovery!
This should be enough to illuminate a room.
This so-called Dimensional Crack, where the Demon God has taken up residence, falls into Bifrost's jurisdiction.
This sucks!!!!
This world!!!!
This.. it's not about dying.. their curse.. on you..
This... this!!
Those Arunafeltz knuckleheads, why don't they come forward?
Those Continentals are damn good fighters.
Those Humans behind us are bothering me.
Those arrogant mages crossed the line! They tried to play God!
Those birds with burning tails charge headlong toward everyone they see. You may be able to run from them, but you will always get singed.
Those foxes must be angrier than I thought.
Those green giants.
Those must have been dragged in from the Morocc Desert, then contaminated by his evil energy.
Those nightmares are just too horrifying. I don't want to experience it anymore.
Those sudden cracks
Those talking Cats.
Those two ladies may not agree, but I don't have to stay here. I'm only staying because of ^0000cdSweet Nightmares^000000.
Those who we gave the first batch of the vaccine already left to the cave.
Though shallow trenches can be explored to some extent.
Three Reincarnations, thus three Mana Crystallines.
Throw the stones at us!
Throw them at us, and you'll see.
Till then, focus on staying alive.
Timer in pause.
To be able to meet Sirood again is like a dream.
To become smarter?
To give my thanks I will pass along a story that may interest you
To make fresh oil, he always sends the workers to palm tree forest, but... the guys sent at dawn have not come back yet.
To make fresh palm oils, I need fresh Palm Oil Fruit. Then I'll be able to get more fresh oil from its fresh fruit.
To my regret, everyone seems so busy that I can't ask them for help, despite the seriousness of the investigation.
To tell you what I found out...
To the nearest place... ^FF0000Let's go to the hungry ^424242woman.^000000 -
To this end, I will give you 2 more servings of ^006400Satay^000000.
Today's hunting seems to be successful!
Today, I have no choice but to commission other adventurers.
Today, I heard some strange noise in the catacombs. The zombies and bats were strangely quiet.
Told Luanda about Mao, who was training alone.
Told Luanda about someone who was taking something from the cave.
Told Luanda about stories of unknown people.
Told Luanda about the story of meeting the brothers who ran somewhere in a hurry.
Told Luanda about the story of meeting the villagers and the village chief.
Told Luanda about the story of seeing Karu and Asudem.
Told Luanda about the strange shimmering you had witnessed.
Told Luanda about three young men you met and talked to.
Told Luanda about who was painting murals in the cave.
Told him about Karoo and Asudem.
Tomorrow, and the day after tomorrow... I'll be waiting... Brother and professor.
Too bad. There was nothing to burn... So I can't make a fire.
Too loud.
Too many of them.
Too quiet.
Try not to stray too far away from the base. It's too dangerous out there.
Try talking to Mirko again.
Tsk, tsk. I don't know how you've become a wizard when you can't even spell correctly.
Tsk, tsk. You guys are so simpleminded, thinking fire would melt ice like this. It's not working, is it? We need to think outside of the box. Let's try to beat the ice with ice!
Tsk, tsk. You're too softhearted when it comes to humans.
Turn Undead!
Typical priest... Wait, is that him?
Typical wizard... Wait, could that be Jojo??
Ugh!
Ugh! Please take care of it for me!!
Ugh, I also wanted to see the hero's beautiful battle in person...
Ugh, I also wanted to see the hero's wonderful battle in person...
Ugh, I don't want to train anymore!
Ugh, I'm exhausted.
Ugh, how did I get myself into this mess?
Ugh, you're going to burn us to death.
Ugh...
Ugh... H-help...
Ugh... I can't eat. Sorry... You tried for nothing...
Ugh... Thanks!
Ugh...things got messy...
Uh! yes.
Uh, I didn't tell you. I'm taking a sabbatical year.
Uh, hello
Uh, how did you know?
Uh.. huh?! You saw me and young men who look like like my brothers.
Uh...
Uh... No problem.
Uh... is that so?
Uh... who are you?
Uh.....??
Uhhh... yes I made a mistake, this is the fishing rod Sirood left behind. Please take good care of it.
Uhm... It's a bit of a mess... but this is a great mural for my skills.
Um hahahahahahahahaha!!!!
Um, even this can't raise the dead. Then what brought those creatures back from the dead?
Um, okay, then please bring me ^0000cd20 Short Bat Hairs^000000 for starters.
Um, this is unexpected.
Um, what is this wonderful smell?
Um, you haven't found it, I see.
Um.. Are you an adventurer?? I have a favor to ask you...
Um...
Um... Adventurer?
Um... I can move fine now. Can I go?
Um... Uhm...
Ummm...
Ummm... but I know someone who might know a little about this rod.
Under the command of the Knights, I am on a mission to search for Alberta's 2nd Knights Division, who had disappeared in Turtle Island.
Unfortunately, we haven't been getting ^0000FFPalm Oil^000000 from the Jaty tribe village lately.
Unlike the ancient times when our tribe's warriors fought and shed their blood the world has become more peaceful nowadays but our tribe's territory has shrunk drastically.
Unlike you, we're invincible!
Unload your burden.
Until I defeat
Until I find out all of the secrets here.
Until the day they are at our feet, us Nazarians!!!!
Vengeance is meted out, but the results aren't as satisfying as I thought.
Vitata's behavior is a threat to her status...
Vrid's Report:
Vrid's Report: Furious Gazetis!
Vrid's Report: Furious Ice Titans!
Vrid's Report: Furious Snowiers!
Vrid's Report: Hard Icicles!
Vrid's Report: The Strange Lizard!
Vrid, you haven't said anything. Come on, think of something!
WE ARE!
Waaaaaaa!!!
Waaaaaaaa!!!!
Waaaah-!
Wait what's that?
Wait, I sense something ominous around you...
Wait, Sister Marina. Calm yourself.
Wait, Sister Marina. I said, calm yourself.
Wait, it can't be alive. It's already dead.
Wait, wait!
Wait, wait.
Wait. We're warriors? we can't leave without making our enemy pay for what he did to us!
Waiting for someone to discover...
Walking trees!
Wandering souls, listen and behold!
Want to go back
Warriors of Nazarians!!!!
Was it a different face?
Watch for illusions. The notebook's owner's memories manifest themselves sporadically around here.
Watch out for the Demon God's negative influence on you.
Watch out!
Water is scarce in the desert, huh?
Water's pure~
We Gartens never retreat!
We Schwarzwaldians are born to win.
We are ^FF0000Jaty^000000 Tribe.
We are fully prepared while the adventurers are coming.
We are the chosen ones!
We call it ^4d4dffdeep seawater^000000
We came here to find out how and why this place was created.
We can be cowards and let others fight the fight for us, sure,
We can guess one fact. All the lost memories are in the subconscious mind of Narin.
We can use the cold energy from the monsters in this place to break the ice, I think.
We can't be like this...
We can't experiment in a place like this. Why don't we capture one and bring it to our lab?
We can't get in there on our own. No one can do that now.
We can't let it keep happening like this.
We could have killed him, but that would've been too easy.
We didn't find anything peculiar about this place. We want to leave, but a couple of us, ^0000cda priest and a wizard^000000 hasn't returned to join us.
We don't have time for this!
We don't worship monsters.
We fight this fight to win.
We had an important discussion together back in Diel.
We hate life. Those who are not bound by the burden of resentment, those who breathe strangely. We want to hear your last breath.
We have a long and winding load ahead of us.
We have to act now. We've already incapacitated one out of the three.
We have to think about how to break out of this ice. *Groan*
We haven't heard from them yet. I'd like to believe it's a good sign.
We know you haven't hurt anyone, and you want to keep it that way. And we appreciate you saved Brother Jojo.
We mages are just like you adventurers in that sense. I knew you'd understand me.
We must drive out all the humans and take over the land.
We must keep an eye on them.
We must shut that place down, so no one will be able to access it.
We need 10 Dry Twigs. Check the heaps of dry soil inside this cave.
We need someone strong to go in there, like that adventurer over there, should go in the cave.
We need to find some people.
We need to look around for more clues.
We need to look into this further. I'd better go to the ruined village.
We only identified the existence of Abyssal Seawater deep in the Bahia Trench, and it was very difficult to obtain samples. This fishing rod has a lot of Abyssal Seawater on it...
We revere strength and bravery.
We serve the God of Destruction!
We serve the God of Destruction,
We should ask Muyeon what happened.
We should grasp the situation first.
We take basic training to be servants of God, but what each one of us can do depends on our natural ability.
We thought it'd take forever to find them, so we decided to split up. We were discussing how we'd go about doing it when you showed up.
We understand the things that we want to study can be dangerous, so we try our best to be careful.
We understand you don't want to hurt anyone.
We used to have a stronger bond
We were invited to go out together, but they all declined.
We will plant our holy core into the body that is only an empty shell!
We will see. Right?
We will try to solve this by ourselves.
We won't need more rituals once we deal with the nightmares.
We'll do it!
We'll try your suggestion. Adventurer, could you hunt 10 Furious Gazetis and come back?
We'll try your suggestion. Adventurer, could you hunt 10 Furious Ice Titans and come back?
We'll try your suggestion. Adventurer, could you hunt 10 Furious Snowiers and come back?
We'll try your suggestion. Adventurer, could you hunt 10 Hard Icicles and come back?
We'll want for nothing!
We're already comrades on the same boat~?
We're chosen by the gods!
We're going to die! Kyaah-!
We're going to win!
We're going to win, though.
We're good.
We're here at last.
We're in no position to take care of anyone right now, so take care of yourself..
We're in the middle of the battlefield. I can't talk for too long.
We're in the process of regrouping for the upcoming battle.
We're not enthralled by monsters!
We're not going to make any decision. Instead, we'll ^0000cdstay here with you^000000.
We're superior to the Laphines.
We're the Doom Prayers!
We're using his knowledge.
We're... not supposed to come back...
We've asked a soldier to find her.
We've been chosen by the God of Destruction.
We've been dying for the blessing!
We've been trying to do both, and it's hard to do that between just the three of us.
We've decided to call the newly discovered place the Temple of the Demon God.
We've done nothing wrong!
We've searched around, but the notebook's owner's memory of this place is rather hazy and inconsistent. Illusions of different wizards keep appearing, frequently and in masses.
Weapon Blueprint?
Welcome back.
Welcome!
Well, I don't know about that!
Well, I should pay you for the work you did today.
Well, I will let you pass but ^8B4513Krakatau Volcano^000000 is dangerous so please take care.
Well, I'll let Chunghae figure it out.
Well, I'm at the bottom of the food chain.
Well, actually, I'm not sure how complicated it is!
Well, first of all, they were... Mm... Uh...
Well, icicles are icicles. It's not like they have a life story, do they?
Well, if the monster hunting is too cumbersome... you can carry me out..
Well, it's good that you came back to me too!
Well, technically, she's still an apprentice, but that's not important.
Well, that's... I've finished organizing for now.
Well, then go get them yourself. Don't dump things on this adventurer.
Well, then! We have to re-organize! Ugh.
Well, then! we have to re-organize! Ugh.
Well, there are not enough people!
Well, there are things around here that I want to study, and...
Well, they don't bother me as long as I stay close to Dracula and King.
Well-met.
Well... Gatti?
Well... Sir...
Well... There was a little problem of my ship getting wrecked, but that's neither here nor there.
Well? I'm just here because I'm curious...
Were you messing with me?
Wh-where's the next relief?!
Wh-who are you?
What I wouldn't give to go back home now and change to some fresh underwear...
What a mess...
What a relief!
What a surprise!
What about the beings I just talked to? I need to tell Luanda about my experience.
What about the person left behind? They have no one to look out for them.
What am I supposed to do now?
What an idiot!
What are you doing here?
What are you doing here? Don't you have things to do?
What are you doing with such a heavy bag? Clear it out some.
What are you doing with such a heavy bag? Clear some out.
What are you doing with such a heavy bag? Clear some space.
What are you doing? Go fast.
What are you guys doing?
What are you saying?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?! I said go back after you listen to my whole story...!
What brings you here?
What brings you, rookie?
What brings you? I suggest you stay away out of this place.
What can I do? As an adventurer, if this place isn't a historical site and there are no traces of people... I'll have to look for it!
What can we do to get rid of these nightmares?
What cave?
What changed that?
What did Khahris... do with me?
What did Mr. Memo say?
What did you do?
What did you give her?
What did you say?
What did you see in the cave?
What do I do? I can't walk because of my leg. I can't teleport because I don't have enough energy left.
What do the missing members look like?
What do you mean by that?
What do you mean...?
What do you mean?
What do you mean? You were only trying to give peace to the angered spirits of the nine tailed foxes.
What do you think defines a human?
What do you think, Adventurer? Would you trust someone so reckless with important tasks?
What do you think?
What do you want to do?
What do you want?
What friend? I thought I was the only friend you had.
What happened to Avant?
What happened?
What happened? I didn't get a memo from Mr. Memo that he was going to send someone here.
What happened? Where's Brother Jojo?
What happened? You were a human.
What have we done to you?
What if he's responsible for this incident.
What if there's a human who did nothing but hurt others. What would you do about them?
What if we hunt 10 individuals each?
What is it?
What is it? But that Mirko guy is good at organizing things. He's a good client.
What is the reason?
What is this place?
What kinds of ingredients do you need? I'll get them for you.
What kinds of monsters do you want me to take care of?
What more do you have to say?
What nightmares?
What part of Amicitia was managed by Werner, what kind of experiments he conducted, etc...
What people from the Church?
What should I do?
What should I do? I still don't have any news from the Jaty tribe.
What should I do? If I get hurt like that, let alone search...
What should I do? We need two teams per floor...
What should I feed the poor cat later?
What suspicion?
What the hell do you think you're doing?!
What the hell is going on in there?
What the hell is going on...
What would you like to do?
What you can do to
What's going on with Poby...? Why hasn't he come back...?
What's going on?
What's in front?
What's that supposed to mean? Are you saying that I can't fight zombies because I'm not a servant of God?
What's the fuss that you can't sleep even after you're dead?
What's up, I need to hire more people now.
What's up, adventurer?
What's up? I'm a bit busy right now...
What's up? I'm busy right now, so I'll talk to you later.
What's written in it is unsettling, but what's more serious is? You'll have to read it yourself. Just don't open the ^0000cdlast page^000000.
What's wrong...
What's wrong? Is Briashen all right?
What's your name?
What, do you have business with me? If not, shoo!
What, how many times did you forget?
What, it looked like a whirlpool... I thought I was going to die... and when I woke up, I found this place.
What, you're going to ask him? Do it yourself!
What...
What... is... that... sound...
What?
What? A mushroom exploded? And?
What? Bomi?
What? Drac! Stop acting like a human! We're proud, dignified vampires!
What? Hey, wait! Wait! Come on, Zeith! I thought we were better friends than that!
What? Hey, you stop right there!
What? I can't hear you.
What? No! You've made up with her. It's time to leave!
What? Smell of blood? Smell of blood from the village side? No way? It's not time to pay attention to strangers. Let's go quickly.
What? That's so tacky.
What? To whom? Maybe Briashen?
What? What's your name?
What? Will you help me?
What? You, human.
What?? No!
What??? It's a keepsake!! You don't even know if Sirood is alive or dead!!
Whatever it is the reason that agitates the spirits of the nine-tailed foxes.
Whatever you do in the future, I wish for you to have a life which is full of fortune and joy.
Whatever you say, I'm not doing it anymore.
When I came back to my senses, I was alone in a strange place.
When I came back to my senses, he was gone and I couldn't move my leg.
When I first met him, he was close to perishing. His vulnerability reminded me strongly of my own. 
When I get to meet the Chief, I will hear many such stories for sure.
When I go back... I don't have anything, but I'll give you something in return.
When I heard his story, I wanted to go there too... but I can't do as he explained. I am so sad.
When I heard that Sirood's fishing pole was found, I jumped out.
When I hunt, I treated all humans equally because I'm a vampire. That's my rule.
When I realized my mistake, I called a rescue party, so worried for your safety. I'm glad you're back unscathed.
When I think of that day, my heart hurts. All of a sudden, when my brothers were away...
When I turn into a monster, I want you to stop me from hurting them. Please, help me.
When I volunteered for the Ash-Bakum Expedition, I knew this day would come.
When I was young, Dewata developed as a tourist attraction and that's when the ^FF00FFtour package^000000 Ark started selling well.
When Poby gets back here, I'm gonna give him a beating he'll never forget!
When are they coming back?
When can we fight?
When can we leave?
When do I start?
When it comes out, you know it's nonsense? But since Briashen came out and said that...
When it comes to him,
When she was brought back to life, she was so shocked and angry that she wouldn't listen to me.
When the situation here is sorted out, I will look for my older brother. He must be alone in pain and sorrow.
When we were together, a large Maya suddenly appeared.
When?
Whenever you want to reinforce the Caress, just bring me the Caress and 100,000 zeny.
Where am I? Where is everybody?
Where am I? Where is my boss??
Where are my manners? I forgot to thank you properly.
Where are they?
Where are you going to put the spores, anyway?
Where did it come from?!
Where do these guys keep popping up?
Where do you get all this? And why do your stories keep changing every time?
Where in the hell am I? Everybody here is avoiding me.
Where is it, I want to see it!! What's wrong??
Where is this place?
Where is your house?
Where the heck are you...
Where were you? We couldn't find you, and we looked everywhere!
Where would you like to hang it?
Where's Briashen?
Where's the Demon God anyway?
Where? Oh, I did it again.
Whether the God of Destruction really exists or not, this small group of fanatics aren't as special as they'd like to believe.
Whew!
Whew, I am now. Thank you.
Whew, I stayed up all night examining the Dried Yggdrasil Leaves and the Suspicious Pentacles. I wouldn't have to, if Father Grimm left me alone.
Whew, he's out of the woods now.
Whew, thanks!
Whew.........
Whh..what happened?
Which of these would you like to help with?
Which one would you prefer: fighting the Demon God or standing watch in Einbroch?
While you were on the way back from delivering the ^006400Satay^000000,
While you're at it, hunt the ^0000cdMatte Drainliars^000000 around us. There are at least ^0000cd10^000000.
While you're at it, you'll absorb the cold energy released from them. Come back and hug us, and maybe the cold energy in you will crack the ice we're trapped in. Doesn't that sound plausible?
White Teddy Bear: Ah... dear Charlotte... to be in a place like this...
White Teddy Bear: Caught, I got caught!
Who ^BDBDBDare^000000 you!? Why ^BDBDBDare^000000 you here!
Who am I, Briashen...?
Who am I...?
Who are you talking to now?
Who are you?
Who did it?
Who is it?
Who is there? Who is there?
Who knew he'd freeze us in ice?
Who knows?
Who says I'm obsessed with it?
Who wants to talk? Because I don't! I'm not going to go down without a fight!
Who was hurt then?
Who was it? My baby, where are you? My daughter? My.... daughter? Ha, hahaha. I lost her. I lost her
Who was it? My baby... who?
Who's coming all the way to this eerie place? Huh?! Really... It was a good date.
Who's that strange mage?
Who??
Whoa!
Whoa...
Whoever is in the east, their energy is getting stronger. Let's hurry!
Whoops, it's my turn to go in soon.
Whoops.
Whoops...don't rush me like that...
Whose blood is that? You can't let him drink that!
Whose side are you on? Me or him?
Why are they still not coming out...
Why are we the only ones on the front line?
Why are you carrying so much?
Why are you carrying so much? Doesn't that hurt your back?
Why are you doing this to me? What have I done to you?
Why are you here?
Why are you here??
Why are you in bat form?
Why are you looking at me like that? Dracula needs more rest. Do not disturb him.
Why are you looking at me?
Why are you looking at me? I didn't do anything!
Why are you obsessed with this? Do you really want to let these unholy creature loose on the continent? Do you not understand why the Tower has banned the experiments?
Why are you saying that? I'm talking about my predecessors!
Why are you so excited to see me?
Why are you standing there blankly?
Why are you staring at me?
Why aren't they coming out already...
Why aren't we getting rid of her already? The dead shall return to the earth! Brother Antoine!
Why can't you do it yourself? All you have to do is just flick your finger.
Why can't you just leave us alone?
Why did you save me?
Why did you throw it away? Why are you staying here?
Why didn't you leave afterward?
Why do you ignore my warnings? Arrogant.
Why do you think you're a monster?
Why do you...?
Why does it have to be the Laphines?
Why don't I get the ingredients?
Why don't you go get some rest and come back after dawn?
Why don't you go rest for now?
Why don't you go talk to her?
Why haven't you come back yet...
Why is it still... not going away...
Why is that one so fast? I might die before I have a chance to take a look at it.
Why is this only discovered now, isn't this a message from someone?
Why make people so worried...
Why not?
Why not?!
Why the Administrative Officer put me in charge of the knights is beyond me.
Why those?
Why were you so reckless?
Why won't it work?
Why wouldn't it turn into a human? If the dead can come back to life, then it should be able to turn into a human.
Why wouldn't the Temple of the Demon God disappear?
Why'd you come here?
Why, do you want it? I can give it to you.
Why, do you want to quit magic and turn to thievery?
Why, is this too scary? Then how about this?
Why?
Why? What good would understanding them do you?
Will do.
Will not stop the invasion!
Will you deliver the message to Mr. Memo that it is impossible to get the oil due do to a lack of ingredients?
Will you go to Jaty village and ask ^0000FFLero^000000 what happened?
Will you help me again tomorrow?
Will you help me with my work from time to time?
With Khahris... not once except for the last time Maya showed up.
With the feathers that you have brought creating a ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 is going much more smoothly.
With this amount, I think I can create a vortex of fissures that normal people can enter. You can pass it to me.
With this, we'll soon be able to investigate that ^0000FFsuspicious cave^000000 from the inside out!
With your help the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 is coming along nicely.
With your help, we can make the cleanup easier!
With your support I am not worrying about creating the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000.
Without the ^FF0000scout journal^000000, I can't go back.
Wizard! The adventurer has brought the hair.
Woman : chomp chomp, munch....
Working with someone outside of Rebellion, this is the first time I've felt such a good fit.
Worrying that he'll drink alone? Too much drink always becomes poisonous.
Worse still, their number has been rapidly increasing.
Would it be fun?
Would you be so kind as to heal me?
Would you be so kind as to put them to rest for me?
Would you like to come with me?
Would you like to go ashore now?
Would you like to go for me?
Would you like to go to the Garden of Perception?
Would you like to go to the deep sea again? I will follow you!!
Would you like to go to the first floor of the Amicitia General Lab?
Would you like to help me with my research?
Would you please help me?
Wouldn't it be better if we let a priest handle this?
Wow!
Wow! It spins round and round~~!!
Wow, I smell lies and it's coming from your mouth.
Wow, so you've been hanging around here all this time because of that ungrateful girl. Is that it?
Wow, the same place in another plane of existence! I've never heard of this before! How does it work? This notebook has got to have something to do with it.
Wow, these are so old and fragile, I'm afraid they might crumble in my hands.
Wow... so exciting!!! I think this is the most thrilling moment in my 14 years as an oceanographer!
Wow... these guys are real...
Wow... this purple sea... it's fantastic!!!
Wow...these guys are real...
Wow~ the savory scent of
Y-y-you're me? D-d-d-doppelganger! A-am I going to die?!
YELP! Not again! Help!
Yeah! Even though it was the same road, I felt like I crossed the line somewhere.
Yeah! Isn't it frustrating to only meet with me to get work delivered?
Yeah, I guess so? That's a face I can remember too.
Yeah, I guess so? That's a face I remember too.
Yeah, but look at you, your face lit up when I offered.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, we really need help.
Yeah, yeah, of course.
Yeah, yeah~
Yeah. ...This is how it happened... It was by accident. I accidentally broke the wall...
Yeah. I suddenly ran into a place like this and asked what your name was. You have a very strong heart. What is it?
Yeah... Then I'll be waiting for you.
Yeah... This bastard was really brave back then.
Yeah... Well, I won't die just because I can't sleep...
Yeah... you look pretty strong and there's alcohol... they are dead, so it's magic.
Yeah? Thanks.
Yelp!
Yes
Yes bro.
Yes yes~ I'll be waiting for you here!
Yes! I traveled all around to find the materials for the weapon, but...
Yes! Mission completed, confirmed. Now, Illusion troops are in!
Yes! That's right!!
Yes!!! His Majesty is here!!!
Yes, <NAVI>[there]<INFO>niflheim,148,124,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI>
Yes, I have.
Yes, I will find them.
Yes, I'm a mage-turned-oceanographer. I learned magic for oceanography.
Yes, I'm sure! It's the fishing rod I've always seen.
Yes, bro.
Yes, how should I process this?
Yes, it is. My guild would love to study this notebook. Most records from the same era have been lost.
Yes, it's about my friend. Sorry for such a long story, just a little more, hear me out.
Yes, it's the same thing I asked you before:
Yes, of course every day.
Yes, please! ^0000cd20^000000 should suffice!
Yes, thank you for coming back.
Yes, thanks! I'll be waiting for you!!
Yes, that's right... this substance is just that... to discover it again like this...
Yes, the monsters in this area are really quite strange.
Yes, we do.
Yes, we have. Please bring me some dried Yggdrasil leaves and pentacles. 10 for each sounds good.
Yes, who else? As you can see, we happened to get ourselves trapped in ice. It's a long story. I'll tell you all about it if you let us out.
Yes, why did you come back so quickly? I don't want to be disturbed right now. Come back later.
Yes, yes of course it's great.
Yes, yes, go ahead and don't think about it! Just trust me~~!!
Yes, you can leave.
Yes.
Yes. As the second said, it's better to start quickly. I don't feel very good..
Yes. As the second said, we'd better start quickly. I don't feel very good.
Yes. Could you at least procure them for me?
Yes. Doing that, I felt more alive than ever. My burning desire for life made me who I was.
Yes. I'm fine...
Yes. If you hate them so much, then why don't you go back to your original form?
Yes. In the blueprint, it's written that only the recognized few of the Dewata Natives are worthy enough to fight against the Comodo Dragon.
Yes. It looks like it belongs to one of the Geffen Tower mages. It has ^0000cdBomi^000000 written on its cover, which I think is the name of its owner.
Yes. Now that I know you're safe, it's time I return to Father Grimm.
Yes. She's the Soul Linker who performs the ritual regularly.
Yes. That's what I wanted to say.
Yes. could you?
Yes... It's mine.. ^BDBDBDuh^000000... My ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000...
Yes... Sirood is a fishing fanatic and came here to fish whenever he had a chance.
Yes... To be frank with you, I ruined a lot of them trying different things.
Yes...?
Yolanda: What the hell do you know how to do yourself?
You acted as if you'd help me.
You agreed that our enthusiasm for magic has contributed to the development of our country.
You also agreed with me on the value of curiosity.
You also possess a strong energy.
You and I are having conversation.
You are an adventurer, right?
You are carrying too many items to proceed with the quest.
You are carrying too much in your inventory.
You are carrying too much right now to continue.
You are carrying too much weight over the limit.
You are carrying too much weight to receive your reward.
You are carrying too much.
You are here again today.
You are here, right?
You are safe. Both of you.
You are the hero of the^8B4513Jaty Tribe^000000.
You are the traveler who was acknowledged by tribe leader as a friend of the tribe and received a ^006400Shining Cendrawasih Feather^000000.
You are wasting your time here.
You are willing to help us make a crown for our tribe.
You asked me if you looked like a human. Remember?
You ate a Sonia stem.
You brought
You brought 40 ^FF0000Blessing Stones^000000.
You brought all of them. I hope I can find something out from them.
You brought all the material already?
You brought all those dry twigs. Oh, we haven't introduced ourselves yet. have we?
You brought the material for the Hilt. I'll make it right away.
You brought the oil. Good job, and thank you.
You buy it with your money.
You came back alive?
You came back quickly. I hope you didn't forget anything.
You came here, too.
You can ask Poby about the best method of gathering nuts where you met him in the forest. He should be able to teach you the technique.
You can cancel. However, if you cancel, the progress made so far will be lost. Are you sure you want to cancel?
You can come back after dawn.
You can communicate with me without the ring, I see.
You can feel it beyond the wall.
You can find them if you hunt at least ^0000cd5 Matte Drainliars and 5 Neon Mushrooms^000000.
You can find them stationed in four directions from the center of the basin.
You can go to Prontera's <NAVI>[East Library]<INFO>prontera,192,264,</INFO></NAVI> as Raket told you.
You can kick or shake it.
You can receive the reward for this quest from Defense Manager Luanda.
You can tell by the stone that contains my magic.
You can tell it's empty when you get out on the road, but you can't tell while you're inside.
You can't be smelling me. I'm not bleeding anymore. I already healed!
You can't bring anything from the world inside the book. If you do, I'll get rid of them.
You can't do this if you're busy...
You can't go back until you find him
You can't just tell him that. Adventurer, you know what kind of place this is, don't you? We're in a hurry, so let me explain the situation to you quickly.
You can't rescue them or do anything. All, every single one of them has to be killed.
You catch a whiff of what smells like diarrhea.
You decided not to enter.
You decided to stop throwing the stones.
You did great. Kar will be excited!
You did great. You should go rest.
You did it because you didn't want to lose her. I would've done the same in that situation.
You did it!
You didn't find out what happened?
You don't care that others are in trouble. What has this world come to?
You don't disappoint me.
You don't have all the materials. It's impossible to reinforce if you don't have them all. If you want to reinforce, bring 100,000 zeny and 1 Caress.
You don't have enough stems.
You don't have to worry about me. Junghee can keep me safe.
You don't know how the world works. If you find something, just ignore it.
You don't know what a hilt is? That's what you call the handle of a weapon.
You don't know why, do you?
You exterminated
You finished your task more quickly than I anticipated.
You furry bastards!!!!
You go back and tell him that I'm all right.
You go in and out easily.
You got all the fruits. Bring them to Mr. Lero.
You have a familiar smell about you, Adventurer. I've yearned for this smell for a long time.
You have a lot of questions, but no need to know.
You have all the materials. Wait just a little.
You have all the time in the world. I'm envious of that.
You have been ambushed by Fire Sandmen!
You have chosen wisely.
You have to watch a lot of monsters.
You have too many items.
You have? We must have been really loud. I suppose that wasn't very smart of us.
You haven't brought enough oil.
You heard that, Father Grimm. Now show me the notebook.
You heard the story about a crown?
You helped me to make the liquid correctly.
You here for my autograph?
You just asked this adventurer to capture a zombie alive.
You just want me to stand here, breathing. Is that it?
You kick the palm tree swiftly with all you might.
You know Chesher, don't you?
You know that Secret Wing and our rebellion have been tracking the traces of Illusion's illegal experiments, right?
You know that's discrimination, right? You should be ashamed of yourself!
You know the number of mysterious monsters
You look like you are.
You look like you have been through a lot of things before. I can see you are able to talk normally.
You look super weak!
You love yourself so much that you don't accept anyone that doesn't look like you. But when you see someone that looks exactly like you, you can't tolerate it. Why?
You lucked out this time. Better not make a habit of eating things off the ground.
You may be a professor but that does not give you the right to walk around here.
You may be tempted by the aroma of our ^006400Satay^000000 and you may eat one but, if you eat more than that you won't be able to share the ^006400Satay^000000
You may feed him.
You mean dried Yggdrasil leaves and some pentacles.
You mean the owner of the notebook?
You mean you need help.
You mean, studying me and Dracula.
You misspelled that.
You must be busy.
You must have a clue about something?
You must have heard incorrectly.
You must have seen the day my brothers and I came back from hunting. There was a big disaster in the village and it was the next day.
You must have too much time on your hands, heretic: you really brought all the ^FF0000Monster Bloods^000000.
You must have too much time on your hands, loitering about aimlessly. Make yourself useful and help me collect samples.
You must have your own things to do!
You must kill it!
You must've had a hard time bringing the oil so here take this drink.
You need to calm them down.
You need to stop hanging with humans. You sound like one of them now.
You only have a Hilt. You'll need to bring me 10 Oridecon, 20 Steel, and 70 Comodo Leather.
You possess a strong energy.
You priests are the least curious kind I know. I asked for these because I wanted to compare them to the ones I have, and it takes a keen eye to catch minute differences.
You really came to see what happened a while ago. It wasn't as much damage as you saw in your dream, but it was a lot of damage.
You really did a great job. I like you because you are different from today's youngins.
You really took out those strong Demons.
You ruined the atmosphere!
You said you saw fakes the last time you went in?
You said you were attacked by zombies.
You said you were looking for someone named Sirood?
You said you'd come back?
You saved Jojo.
You saved me from starvation, and took me to this great place. I must have been a great person in the past life
You saw Briashen?
You saw that too. I think we've talked about it before. In my dream, I saw monsters coming into town.
You shake the palm tree.
You should be able to do that with your eyes closed. You're a wizard. Didn't you learn how to summon light? But of course, if you use magic in front of me, I'll burn you to ashes.
You should feed him ^0000FFMonster's Feed^000000. -
You should find her.
You should go back now.
You should go rest for now.
You should rest for the day. Come back to hunt tomorrow.
You should talk to Doom Prayers Leader again.
You should talk to him.
You should've become a politician. You would've been more successful at that.
You shouldn't have wasted your precious voice on these unholy creatures.
You shouldn't say that. What if I ask for your blood?
You there!
You too, get a good rest, and let's work fully prepared!
You two get along as well as I remember.
You two over there!
You want me to make one more Caress for you? In that case I need a Hilt. 50 Comodo Leather, and 1 Log. These are what I need to make a Hilt.
You want that, but still someone is going to come back here.
You want them so badly that you're risking your life by studying in a place like this.
You want to collect the mana, don't you?
You went there?!
You were also curious about the finished weapon? Haha.
You were surprised!
You were worried about me, but this is as far you were willing to follow me?
You will be able to recognize them right away as the attribute characteristics of earth and fire appear much stronger than those of existing entities.
You will be gone for good. No need to know.
You will certainly be
You won't be caught if you bite on that and hold your breath.
You worked hard today, so get a good rest and come back. Let's work hard tomorrow!
You worked hard.
You wouldn't even think that you wouldn't be able to come back at your level...
You! I'm watching you! Better keep your coffin lid shut tight while you sleep!
You! You're no better than them!
You'd better hurry.
You'd better step back,
You'll find out soon anyway, but I'm curious now.
You'll get used to it soon.
You'll help, won't you?
You'll see those stones turning into falling flower petals!
You'll take care of those Matte Drainliars like you did the last time, right? They're too loud.
You're Bomi, right? I read your notebook. What happened? What did these vampires do to you?
You're a coward!
You're a genius!
You're a hero.
You're afraid I might ask for help,
You're afraid of yourself. Why?
You're alive? I'm glad... why didn't you bring me out?
You're already burdening him.
You're as experienced as I've heard.
You're back!
You're back... and... Poby...
You're being chased by ants.
You're carrying too many things...
You're carrying too much right now to continue.
You're concerned?
You're dead already!
You're delusional if you think there's no strength in numbers.
You're early.
You're from the Church. I didn't think you'd let those vampires live.
You're going to regret it if you are carrying so much.
You're here, and yet you don't know who he is. He's Dracula. Didn't you come to challenge him to a battle?
You're in a war zone. Don't let your guard down.
You're incredible!
You're letting her feed him, that vampire? Sister Gem, have you forgotten your duty as our leader?
You're not good enough to earn your keep. I can't believe your guild actually invested in you.
You're not thinking about what kind of danger it might pose when it arrives here. You just want it because you're curious about it.
You're pretty good.
You're pretty sharp, Adventurer. That's right. I checked with my guild and found out there was someone named Bomi. She just disappeared one day, though.
You're right that I'm Briashen, but were you hurt? When?
You're saying that to strangers?
You're scaring him.
You're smart and capable. I don't have to explain why I'm telling you this, do I?
You're the only one I can trust with this, at least for now.
You're too weak to fight these Demons.
You've come at the right time. I just finished making the palm tree oil.
You've come to the right place. This note is in Werner's handwriting.
You've done enough already.
You've done good work.
You've finished dealing with all the deep sea creatures, thank you for your hard work.
You've got to listen to both sides before you judge!
You've ruined my existing samples, after all.
You've ruined my precious samples!
You've saved the world!
You've seen those Nightmares and Drainliars, right? Did you notice how they look different from the kinds outside this place? Why do you think that is?
You've shown me, adventurer, something I wouldn't have seen. I'm just here to tell you what I remember...
You.
You...
You? Are ^BDBDBDyou^000000 going?
You? Can't you feel anything but good vibes? What the hell are you doing?
You? Well, you're more reliable than this sister here, but are you sure?
Your earnest expression tells me
Your efforts will not go unrewarded.
Your heart... I can't even imagine your sister-in-law's... whoo... your sorrow...
Your request has been received. Please report to ^FF0000Defense Manager Luanda^000000.
Your request is in progress.
Your seemingly reckless decision has saved many lives.
Your strength isn't enough to cross to the lower levels.
Yuck!
Zombies and mushrooms. Same difference to me.
Zzz... Huh! Shi, excuse me!
Zzz... Whoa!
^0000CDHe wears glasses^000000 and has blue short hair. ^0000CDHis face is just like a scholar^000000 so you should be able to recognize him.
^0000CDListen to what they want. Brother, even if you look very trivial, do something they'll be pleased by.^000000
^0000CDThere are two locations^000000. Go find and take him. And do not come back.
^0000CDU I don't want anyone get die here. I want to save all life.^000000......
^0000FFBorobudur Temple Manager^000000 who is in
^0000FFFire Condors^000000 look most dangerous.
^0000FFInstructor Rugen manages them^000000, so you can bring them to him.
^0000FFKasyapa^000000!!
^0000FFPaiko^000000
^0000FFThis new species of insect is called the Firebugs because they're surrounded by flames and live in fire pits like that over there^000000.
^0000FFTribal Chief Paiko^000000
^0000FFWhen you collect 25 Sonia stems, meet me by the big rock in the center of this place^000000.
^0000FFWhen you collect 25 Sonia stems, meet me here^000000.
^0000FFYou must be Level 100 or above to perform this quest.
^0000cd10 Matte Drainliars^000000!
^0000cdTypical wizard^000000... Could that be ^0000cdJojo^000000?
^006400Jaty Crown^000000
^4D4DFFYou must be Level 100 or above to perform this quest.^000000
^4d4dffGood job taking out Demon God Morocc. The server EXP rate has increased by 10% for about 1 hour.^000000
^4d4dffIt must be the essence of the abyss^000000. - 
^4d4dffJerrymon^000000 should still be at the <NAVI>[East Library]<INFO>prontera,192,264,</INFO></NAVI> in Prontera.
^4d4dffPlease exterminate a box and bring me the item you've found from it.^000000
^4d4dffPlease hunt those Rampaging Boxes and collect 10 Bradium Boxes.^000000
^4d4dffYou must be level 120 or higher to enter this area.^000000
^8B4513Dewata Island^000000 and ^8B4513Jaty tribe^000000.
^8B4513Dewata Island^000000 has became a tourist attraction and we have lost touch with them.
^8B4513Dewata Island^000000.
^8B4513Krakatau Volcano^000000 is
^BDBDBDA^000000 human? A ^BDBDBDhuuu^000000man? There would ^BDBDBDbe no such thing^000000!!!!!
^FF0000 Megalith extermination^000000
^FF000015 Burning Feathers^000000
^FF0000Don't be alarmed that you may breathe strangely.^000000
^FF0000Evidence of eradication of Megaliths^000000
^FF0000Evidence of eradication of megaliths^000000
^FF0000Evidence of extermination of Wootan^000000
^FF0000First!^009977 I need 1 Caress and 100,000 zeny to reinforce the Caress. As you know, I don't have any money right now because my ship got wrecked.^000000
^FF0000Give me^000000! My treasure!
^FF0000I can eat anything. Really anything. I can eat.. chomp chomp.^000000
^FF0000I couldn't sleep^000000 and eat for several days. I was wandering around.
^FF0000I need more!!!!!!!!!!^000000
^FF0000My treasure... My revenge...
^FF0000No, my daughter. My ^000000pretty baby. No. Lost, ^FF0000lost her^000000. Lost. Boohoo... My ^FF0000pretty...baby.. Can't ^000000find, ^FF0000can't^000000 find, can't... ^FF0000find^000000......
^FF0000Second!^009977 If you have a Caress that is refined or inserted with cards in your inventory which you don't want to reinforce, it could get destroyed or it's upgrades can get changed during the reinforcing process.
^FF0000Third!^009977 Sometimes reinforcing fails. The weapon doesn't get destroyed every time you fail. However you should know that the weapon gets destroyed from time to time if you fail.^000000
^ff0000...? I released them from the ice earlier. Why are they frozen again?^000000
^ff0000But the events that take place inside it aren't always the same. Is it possible that spacetime inside this cave is still warping? Will I also be affected by that?^000000
^ff0000I already know fire won't work, but I'm just going to go along with their request.^000000
^ff0000I feel dazed, as if I'm dreaming.^000000
^ff0000I hugged Vrid as he asked.^000000
^ff0000I lit the dry twigs and placed them around him. Some time has passed, but the ice doesn't look like it's melting.^000000
^ff0000Light flashed!^000000
^ff0000No, wait. That was just the ice reflecting ambient light.^000000
^ff0000Nothing happened.^000000
^ff0000Steven^000000 is not that kind of guy...Cough cough
^ff0000They asked my name again, as if they didn't remember me. Something weird is going on, but I told them my name again, anyway.^000000
^ff0000They started to fade away as they bid me goodbye. It seems this cave is stuck in an endless time loop.^000000
^ff0000They started to fade away as they bid me goodbye. Soon there was nothing left of them, as if they never existed at all. Was this all just a dream or something?^000000
^ff0000They're having the same conversation they had before. Also, I don't think they remember me.^000000
^ff0000Vrid grimaced, sighed, and scratched his head. He then said...^000000
^ff0000Zeith rolled his eyes, but Vrid ignored him and continued.^000000
^ff0000Zeith stared at Vrid with incredulity in his eyes.^000000
^ff0000�� You can start this quest from level 150.^000000
a ^FF0000Great Leaf^000000 falls out.
a ^FF0000Worm Peeling^000000 falls out.
a ^FF0000stone^000000 falls out.
a big help to us...
a dangerous place.
a large cull, and I want you to do it.
a very dangerous area
according to sage ^0000FFKasyapa^000000
all the ^FF000015 Burning Feathers^000000.
an ^0000FFOil Palm Fruit^000000 falls out.
an extremely dangerous area.
and 20 ^0000FFFire Frilldoras^000000 as I ordered.
and 20 ^0000FFFire Frilldoras^000000.
and <NAVI>[snoring]<INFO>nif_dun02,249,221,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI>
and ^0000FFFire Frilldoras^000000.
and a famous mystical creature.
and bring them to Chief ^0000FFPaiko^000000.
and collect 40 ^FF0000Blessing Stones^000000?
and come back?
and from the spoilage of my breakfast to that of my dinner.
and get out!
and got buried with them. No wonder they're so angry.
and make them holy for a day.
and many of them told me about some strange mage.
and pray to him to bless us with the end of the world.
and put in a good word
and that you took a key role in the effort...
are you a fan of mine?
as a reward for your help.
at least three at a time. Got it?
but I guess I'll have to.
but I'll continue with the spiel
but I'm certain of one thing:
but I'm completely with him on this.
but I'm still a commander in name only.
but ^0000FFFire Sandmen^000000 stole
but at least I can tell you an ^0000FFinteresting story^000000.
but bigger and stronger.
but first I want to go back to that strange place when I get my full strength back. Not many people have a chance to see such a special place, you know.
but it'll last at least long enough to aid you and your party in battle.
but it's in our nature to help our friends at all costs.
but like everyone else from a noble background,
but maybe you can find an use for those?
but my real objective was to check its contents.
but nothing happens.
but once they get close enough, they attack people. My heart goes out to them...
but what if they lose? We'll go down with them, and that'll be on us.
but...... this....
by touching it.
come again.
come speak with me again.
could procreate powerful mutants,
could spread deadly virus,
delicious homemade ^006400Satay^000000!!
do you mean the ^0000FFoasis near the northwestern sphinx^000000?
do you want your Monster's Feed back?
doing everything they can to pester us.
enjoying a leisurely walk.
even though it doesn't change the fact that you woke the dead.
facing the cool wind.
for feeding me, though the feed tasted horrible.
for me.
for our tribe leader.
from ^0000FFFire Condors^000000,
from ^0000FFFire Condors^000000.
from ^0000FFFire Frilldoras^000000 and and ^0000FFFire Sandmen^000000.
from ^0000FFFire Sandmen^000000.
from another land.
from the Flaming Basin.
gathering ^FF000015 Burning Feathers^000000
get rid of them and bring me Mana Crystallines.
go back and train some more.
he could be under our nose, and we're unable to see him.
help us is very simple.
helpful deeds...
how people feel when they've lost their jobs overnight.
hum...
hunt Rampaging Boxes and collect Bradiums.
hurry over to ^0000FFInstructor Rugen^000000!
if my superiors don't court-martial me.
if they expand to the outside world.
in a form we cannot imagine.
in older times.
in the ground.
in this Flaming Basin has been continuously increasing.
in this dangerous place with no backup!
inside the banquet hall of the dead, twist your nose.
isn't it?
it seems to be alleviated just by the reduction of the monsters.
just like all the other Dimensional Cracks.
like everyone wants to believe. *Smirk*
make the ^8B4513Jaty Crown^000000...
make those Demon runts so strong.
making new friends!
multiplying themselves even as we speak.
my ^FF0000scout journal^000000.
my investigators.
obliteration.
of the banquet hall of the dead.
or I'll consider you my enemy.
or worse.
please ^4d4dffeliminate Distorted Morocc Reincarnation, Blazing Morocc Reincarnation, and Freezing Morocc Reincarnation.^000000
proceed with my investigation.
regarding such things.
return the mana.
so Chunghae can investigate it.
so I called an emergency meeting of
so I can't allow you in
so I had no choice but to hang around.
so this should fill me up.
something falls on your head, but since you're wearing a Safety Helmet you're safe and sound.
something smashes down on your head, right where that soft spot is, $#*@! that's a one in a million shot.
something to tell me...?
sorry, wait a minute.
starting with Ahat, and that most Sapphas have forgotten about him will make things really complicated.
stay here and chill until help arrives.
such an effort being put forth
such great power.
that haunt the collapsed Opera House.
that might await me at the base.
that you are a trustworthy sort... but...
that you have something to say
the Jaty Crown has been made. Its ambience and radiance make it a truly flawless crown.
the ^006400Jaty Crown^000000 is being successfully crafted and to share the delicious ^006400Satay^000000 with our friends, I need your help.
the biggest gift I can give.
the damage received upon the break of his seal.
the only possible scenario for us is
then the angry soldier over there must have been the guard of this village.
they could go on a rampage,
they will only when his true colors are revealed.
they'll turn into flower petals with a loud pop!
those boxes in the Flaming Basin are Bradium Boxes from El Dicastes.
though we're making progress.
to Dewata?
to ask of you.
to become gigantic, or to harbor more venom...
to deserve such kindness.
to fight the Demons.
to go without a job for a while.
to our Tribe Leader.
to say, don't you?
to support them...
tons of ^0000FFOil Palm Fruit^000000 crashes down from the tree.
try not to place them too close to me.
unless you qualify for entry.
wake up!
wanted to say something.
we can be truly blessed.
we should have used a little more discretion...
welcome back!
well done!
what happened to him.
what?
when she won't even talk to you?
which gives us a perfect opportunity to get at him.
why am I speaking in the third-person perspective?
with our village friends.
would be able to use it.
would endeavour to help us.
yet I feel like I'm empty on the inside.
you a question.
you decide to take the mission at your own risk.
you don't want to risk your life for the world peace.
you might as well tell me what it is.
you no longer have to work for Ahat.
you seem about to say something.
your greedy hands.
your mind, please
