- A person with a white gown -
- is pulling at his hair. -
Aaaarrrggghh!!!
Darn it!!!!
I'm finished!!!
How am I supposed to submit a report that's so bad!!! A 5-year-old could do better!!!
Noooo!!!
Try talking to him.
How noisy.
Oh, of course, I'm sorry.
I'll keep it down.
Sir... Are you okay?
You will lose all your hair like that.
Calm down.
Sob.......
Odin!!!
Freyja!!!!
Sazarim!!!
Thank you!!
It's not all over!!
There's always hope! I, Theore, will persevere and go on!!
Dear Adventurer!!!
No, no, dear Warrior!!!!
Are you busy at the moment?
If you spare me a little time, I will see to it that you're rewarded handsomely!
I'm busy.
Listen to him more.
I see, I suppose it can't be helped.
I'll probably lose all my hair and be on the ad for hair growth solutions. But I won't hold it against you, Warrior.
Dear God! My luck ends here. *sob*
Even though the world is turning its back on me, I won't blame anyone!!!
Ahhh!
I feel like I was saved.
So the thing is.......
Oh! Oh dear!
How rude of me, I haven't even introduced myself.
My name is Theore, and I work for 'Bazett Teablack's Institute of Culture of the Other World.' 
I'm currently working on researching Laphines in the Splendide Basecamp.
Might be because I've been working soooo hard, but these days the Laphines all run away as soon as they see me.
The deadline is approaching, and I still haven't figured out the most critical part. 
My professor will be very disappointed .......
So won't you give me a hand?!
Your help will be acknowledged fully - I will tell the professor myself!
Help.
Don't help.
Sob sob Warrior, you're the best!
I will not forget this!!!
I'm going to write about it in my diary!!
And in the report!!!
And in a letter I'm sending home!!
I'll tell my buddies at the lab!!!
I'll tell Lugen!!!
I'll write it in the bulletin board!!!
Let's see!!! Where else?
- The man seems to be in a manic state. -
- Wait until he calms down -
- and try speaking to him again. -
You bad person, making me all worked up.
*sob*
I must tell my next-door neighbor Pico!!!
And Kachua!!!
Tell the merchant across the street!!!
And also tell the administrator!!!
Tell Mr. Holgren!!!
Write up a report for the King!!!
Tell the people around here!!!
Shout it out loud from the observatory so the whole world hears!!!
- He is still manic. -
My apologies.
I got a little excited.
I do apologize.
I'm usually a calm and rational person, but it feels like I've been everywhere - heaven AND hell - today!
To the point: what I would like to ask you is not a hard task.
As you probably know, the Laphines are at war with the Saphas.
Until recently, they attacked the Saphas mercilessly.
But lately, the frequency of attacks has decreased significantly.
I can't figure out why, they are single-minded creatures and it's not likely that they just took pity on the Saphas' situation.
Also, there are rumors of unarmed Laphines flying through the fields.
I have seen it once, but he ran away as soon as he spotted me and I didn't get a chance to ask him.
I'm sure that he went back to the village. But as desperately as I want to ask, I was banned from entering the Splendide Basecamp.
Banned?
Well...
I got so excited after the professor assigned me to this research project.......
that I combed through Splendide night and day, and they finally kicked me out.
Ha ha ha!
The Laphines may look cute, but they are combat specialists.......
So here I am, without the courage to sneak in, but with the report half-finished.......
Tell me, is there a life more unfortunate than mine?
*chuckle*
So Warrior, would you please find the Laphines who are coming to the Splendide field, and find out what they're up to?
They may run away if you try to speak to them, so pay close attention when you find one.
The Laphines are such a rowdy crew, and it's very unsettling to see how quiet they've been - almost like a period of calm before a giant thunderstorm.
So Warrior, would you please find the Laphines who are coming to the Splendide field, and ask them what they're up to?
- He is in no state for conversations. You should take the pouch to Splendide and look for its owner. -
Hmm...... They were rummaging through the bushes?
Hmm... Hmm...
They may have left a clue, can you please look around the area?
If they were looking through the bushes, they may have been looking for something they've lost.
Or they may have left something behind.
A pouch that a Laphine dropped as it fled?
Hmm... Hmm... A soft leather pouch with a string made by soaking dried vines in oil.... too small for humans or Saphas to use...
Could... Could it be??!!
that object?!
that I've only heard about, but never came across!!!
In the ancient times, Laphines used to carry fairy dust - such as the flying dust, minimizing dust - in a small pouch like this.
They usually enjoy extravagant designs, but this 'fairy dust pouch' is something that they always carry around, and it is made simply without extravagant ornaments, keeping in line with tradition.
I'm not sure what it'll be like nowadays, but if this is the 'fairy dust pouch,' the owner should be anxious to find it.
We can't give it back for free though. In exchange for some information - that's a fair deal!
And perhaps they won't be too upset if we look inside the pouch!
Wooow!!
I always believed when I was little that a fairy would come and sprinkle me with flying dust to make me fly!!!
- Before I can stop him, -
- he opened the small pouch. -
Oh...
Berries......and leaves?
......What about the flying dust?
Noooo!
My poor innocent imagination!!!!
- He appears to be busy. You should finish the task at hand and come back. -
At last, you're back!!!!
How did the investigation go?!
Wow!!!
Incredible!!!!!!
Unbelievable!!!
The best!!!!
This is surely enough to write an excellent report on!!
All thanks to you, Warrior!!
I'll never, EVER forget what you've done for me!
No!!
My grandchildren's grandchildren will remember!!!!
*Sob*
Then I'm off to put the finishing touches on the report!!!!!!!
Oh yeah!!!!
I'll write the report with lightning speed!!!!!!!
- It's just an ordinary bush. -
Aaaarrrrrggggghhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
- You try to talk to the Laphine, -
- who is looking around the bushes, -
- but it flew away -
- while yelling fearfully. -
- What was the fairy doing? -
- You decide to look around. -
 - Hang on there !! -
 - You are carrying too many kinds of items - 
 - to receive any more items. - 
 - Please lighten your load - 
 - and try again. - 
 - You are carrying too much weight - 
- Jumble Fumble -
- Rustle Bustle -
- You've found a Small pouch. -
- You didn't find anything. -
VeOsaRiveh No ModAsh
- You can't understand the fairy's words. -
- You need something to help you interpret them. -
I'm tired, don't talk to me.
Show the pouch.
Huh?!
Where did you get this from?!
I found it in the bushes.
It may not look like much, but it is an important object for us. I suppose I should say thanks.
But it won't be easy to find its owner with just the pouch...
I think I saw a fairy that might be the owner.
I'll think about it.
Then tell me if you remember anything.
I hope you can find the owner.
Do you remember how the fairy looked?
Blonde hair
Grassy-green hair
Woody-brown hair
Sea-blue hair
Dark-skinned
Light-skinned
Snow-white clothing
Grape clothing
Sky-blue clothing
Grassy-green clothing
Round wings
Two pairs of wings
Characteristic Wings
Hmm...... That must be Kusmi.
Kusmi must be roaming the area southeast of the village.
Go see if she has lost her pouch.
Hmm......That must be Theodore.
Theodore must be roaming the area northeast of the village.
Go see if he has lost his pouch.
Hmm......That must be Pauchon.
Pauchon must be roaming the area north of the village.
Hmm...
I don't remember seeing such a fairy.
Are you sure you're not mistaken?
Try to remember it again.
What's up?
Did you find the owner of the pouch?
DimFusTal Mu Lars
ModAnduLo
Mod
DorDuMe U NohLarsFulo Mu Fus
And who mayy you be?
What is it that you want to show mee?
Ahh!!
My pouch!!!!!
Thank you sirr!!!!!
I've been looking for it all overr!
Ask about the rumor.
That's a difficult questionn!
But you've returned my pouch, so I'll have to answerr......
Promise me you won't tell anyonee!
If you can promise, please talk to me againn.
Hmm I don't know who, but must be a slobb to be dropping his pouch like soo.
Huh? Mine??
No, mine is right here safelyy?
It's a precious object so I hope you'll find the owner itt.
You can't say this to anybody okayy~?
Recently,
the supplies from our the mainland have been cutt!
Or rather, the supply route is being blocked and we can't get our suppliess?
We need to find enough food before we run out of stored goods, that's why we've been rummaging the bushess.
But this cursed frozen land has no good foods.
We're barely keeping it green using magic, but it takes too much power to make fruit.
The energy spent in making food is probably twice as much as the energy gained from eatingg.
Those higher up don't want to admit it, but it's going to become a serious problem soonn.
We can't leave the battleground because we're in war, so we can't go checkk.
I am curiousss.......
Not just me, but many Laphines are worriedd.
Well that's the situation, so if you meet a Laphine in the bushes please don't talk to himm.
It's embarrassingg!!!
Oh, and you must never ever tell anyone about what happened todayy!
Unless that person wanted to help uss... spreading the word won't do Splendide any goood.
Eh?
You stilll want to talk?
Supply route from the mainland?
Well if you hear that you'll have to helpp!
Still want to knoww?!
Yes.
No.
It's not a special road or anythingg.
Just an old roadd.
Some say it connects different continents. It also connects the Splendide Basecamp and Alfheim through the backk.
If you're headed that way, please go see that all's okayy.
Thank you for finding my pouchh.
I would give you some fairy dust, but there is none leftt.
A crevicee?
That's why we couldn't contact the mainland.
Urggg.......
It would be good to know what's going on up theree.
If you happen to go through Bifrost, please figure out what's going onn.
In the middle of Bifrost is a small village called 'Mora.' All the supplies from the mainland come through that villagee.
If you go to the warehouse in Mora Village, the manager will tell you moree.
Also, on the way back, will you check to see that my friend Rondo is in Mora Villagee?
He always used to visit Splendide around this time, but the situation is no good now. I'll have to tell him to come another time.
Will you check to see that my friend Rondo is in Mora Villagee?
Heee!
You really went through the fog of the Maze of the Hazy Forest?
That's very impressivee.
Thank you soooo much.
I hope we'll be able to go through Bifrost againn.
I want to meet Rondo and talk to him againn.
Oh, And Daphrer is in northwest Splendide.
This place is always coldd.
So different from my heavenly hometownn.
Who are you!
Hmm? What do you mean?
I've been looking for it all over the place.
Thanks!
Hrm!!
What a penetrating question!
If you really want to hear the answer, talk to me again.
I need time to think.
What is that dirty pouch!
It is definitely not mine.
But I hope you find its rightful owner.
You are not to tell anyone what I'm about to tell you.
Recently, there's a big problem in Splendide.
There is no communication with the mainland.
Not just communication, but supplies have been cut off also. People act indifferent but actually there is deep panic.
This frozen land is no use for collecting food, but to farm it would be too much work.
In fact, just maintaining the green is costing an incredible amount of magic power.
No word has come from higher up, but from the rumors it's not an easily fixable problem.
And because there is no easy fix, everybody is worried sick.
By military law, our soldiers cannot leave the battlefield during war, so it's impossible to get more information.
Therefore, if you happen to run into a Laphine, please don't mention any of this.
Everybody is trying as hard as they can, but we are still a proud race.
And as I said before, what I told you is a secret and you must not tell anyone.
We do need help, but we are cornered and we don't want others to know.
You have further business with me?
Hmm... if you hear that, you might just have to help us out?
Do you still want to know?
The supply route comes through Bifrost, and you can get to it from the back of the Splendide Basecamp.
That is why we set up the basecamp here.
The origin of the route is unclear, but it has been known for a long time to be a bridge that connects continents.
If you happen to venture there, please ask a guard what things are like there.
Thank you for getting the pouch back to me.
Fairy dust? I don't carry around such a thing.
A crevice?
So that was why we couldn't reach the mainland.
It would be good to know what's going on up there.
I can't leave here, but you would be able to, no?
The supplies from the mainland come through 'Mora' Village, which is located in the middle of Bifrost.
If you speak to the Warehouse Manager of Mora Village, you'd be able to get more information.
If you're willing, will you go to Bifrost's 'Mora' Village and meet the Warehouse Manager?
And if it's not too much trouble, you could drop by my friend Lilitia's also...
So you went through the Maze of the Hazy Forest and returned from Mora Village.
I made the right decision by asking you!
Thank you.
I hope this gets resolved soon...
I don't want to further upset Lilitia...
Sometimes, I sense a painful beauty in this frozen earth, quite different from the beauty of my hometown.
But this is a difficult environment for us to live in, certainly.
What can I do for you, sir?
Huh? Do you see something?
I don't see anything...
Good heavens...!
I think this is mine!
I've been worried since I lost it, you lifted a burden off of my mind.
That's not easy for me to answer...
I do appreciate you finding my pouch.... Hmm...
Please give me some time to think..
Oh dear. It's not mine.
But to carelessly drop such an important object!
I don't know who it is, but that Laphine needs a lesson!
What I'm about to tell you is top secret!
We don't even talk about it amongst ourselves!
How would we say that the supply from the mainland's been cut off like that!
Ugh?!
Oh boy... I've done it....
It's really a top secret!!
Don't tell anybody!
Well since I spilled the beans already... oh well, too late.
So it's been a while since we received supplies from the mainland.
We're not starving, but we're receiving less and less food.
I was hungry so I went to go pick fruit, but in this cold climate there are no fruit trees.
And the people higher up only tell us to wait... I'm so tired of waiting!
But the instant I leave this place, I'll end up going to prison....
So I'm stuck here, and I'll be stuck here, suffering from hunger.... *sob*
I'd eat the bark off of that tree if I could.
If only somebody could help. *sob*
What?
What do you want... I'm hungry, don't have energy to talk...
Are you going to help me if I tell you?
If not, I won't tell.
A giant road leads away from the back of Splendide.
I don't know if it's related to legends and what not, but I've heard that the road's been there forever.
Oh! The guard there might know something.
If you're headed that way, please go find out what's up.
Thank you for finding the pouch.
Ugh... I'm starving... I suppose I'll have to eat these bitter berries...
Crevice?!?
Hmm I have heard that crevices are creeping up here and there, but it even infiltrated Bifrost....
It appears to be more serious than I had imagined.
If you can, would you go to 'Mora' Village in Bifrost and figure out what's going on?
The supplies from the mainland come through the Village. If you go speak to the Warehouse Manager, he'll be able to tell you something.
Also, please pay a visit to my friend Humming.
He's such a flighty guy, might have already left, but we were supposed to meet up in Mora Village.
Please pay a visit to my friend Humming.
I had my doubts...But you really did cross the legendary Maze of the Hazy Forest...
I'm very impressed.
I really appreciate your help.
I hope this gets resolved soon.
What I'm really afraid of... is hunger. More than war.
Ah... I'm hungry.
When I get back to the mainland I'm going to stuff my belly until it bursts.
DielFarmar Di RiniIyazser Ha mahAgolAsh U  U 
TurNohnar Di DurNeiFar Ra AnuVerNoth Ha AshRivehDor Ha BurWehLars Ur RinimanMod
This is Bifrost, which leads to Alfheim.
Please note that entry is forbidden due to a crevice caused by an unidentified source.
The other way leads to the Maze of the Hazy Forest.
You can get to Alfheim by making it through the Maze of the Hazy Forest. However, nobody has ever come back from the Maze of the Hazy Forest.
No, sir!
You cannot enter at will.
This is a warehouse. If you need something, please ask the staff outside.
Supplies for Laphine?
Ah!
You're from Splendide?
Let's see...
All the supplies from over there to there are destined for Splendide.
We are quite worried too because the crevice in Bifrost has made it impossible to deliver these goods.
And the travelers who were heading down are also stuck here. The increasing number of customers is both a blessing and a curse..
If you plan to go back to Splendide, pay a visit to Jones at the Inn.
He has something that needs to be urgently delivered to the army of Splendide.
And the travelers who were heading down are also stuck here. The increasing number of customers is both a blessing and a curse...
Mora is such a mysterious place.
You can understand any language.
Of course, when we leave this area I won't be able to understand what you say, but I'll be able to remember the conversations we had. And I'll look forward to the day we meet again, here.
Please tell Kusmi
that if he wants to meet, we can meet any time. There is nothing to worry about.
Boo!!!
He broke his promise again!!!
He said he'd be here this time for sure!!!
That place is too cold for me to visit!!!!!
My precious leaves will wither there.
What? Theodore sent you?
Please tell him that I'm so mad!!
I really hate the cold.
That's why Mora is a lovely place to live.
The leaves are always fresh here. And, the stress about languages just disappears.
Oh!
You're here because Pauchon sent you?
It must've been hard for you to get here. I'm impressed.
The Maze of the Hazy Forest~ It fuels my adventurous spirit!
If you reach Splendide before me, please tell Pauchon
that I'm going through the Maze of the Hazy Forest.
I heard that a crevice crept in between Jotunheim and Midgard, so I wanted to check it out. But I got stuck here.
I was looking forward to seeing a new place.
Are you from Midgard?
What is it like there?
I've always wanted to see a creature called Poring.
Oh.... Darn.......
I can't go down, and I can't go back. My credibility that I've worked so hard on is just crumbling into dust.
Ah, are you the traveler who came through the Maze of the Hazy Forest from Splendide?
If you plan to go back, can you please deliver this to the Splendide army?
A person high up requested it, but I can't cross Bifrost.
Deliveries to other places have all stopped also. Ah, my credibility is suffering....
I'm a bit embarrassed to ask this of a stranger...... Ha ha!
You have too many kinds of items. Please lighten your load and come back.
You are carrying too much weight. Please lighten your load and come back.
Please take good care of it.
It's for Daphrer in Splendide.
Thanks to you, the job is well done.
Hehe, I see potential in you as a delivery man.
Interested in the career of delivery?
DRHSfhsdfGSDH FGkkmvoifk DFG DFHshfeksmn fgg FDbbd fjnnvk n skncki dfgd F FHdfkdfjkmv
Oh....
I've been waiting for you.
This was urgently needed so thank you for bringing it here, I hope I haven't caused you too much trouble..
This is probably too small to be a reward, but please accept this as a sign of my gratitude.
So you lost the item on the way.
I knew that it was probably a stretch......
Perhaps I've been unrealistic.
But I thank you for your trouble anyway. Please accept this as a sign of my gratitude.
For me, a drop of water to make a flower blossom is more important than a sword for war.
Set0
Set33
Set2_0
Oh, wait!
There's another thing I'd like you to do.
There's not enough time to go into details...
- Cheshire glanced at the guard standing close to you, and leaned close and whispered into your ear.-
You'll find cat caravans in the middle of ^4d4dffKamidal Tunnel^000000.
There is ^4d4dffa marked box among the caravans' goods to the west of the entrance to the Scaraba Hole^000000.
I'd like you to bring it to me.
You'll see where you should bring it by looking at the box.
This is an important matter.
I have something to get done in advance...
Good luck!
- You have too many items to do this quest. -
Boxes with all kinds of goods in them are stacked to the ceiling.
The marked box Cheshire was talking about doesn't seem to be here yet.
Looking closely, you find a box with a small piece of paper stuck to it.
You've found the box of goods Cheshire was talking about.
Move the box.
Give up.
You promised to take the box of Bradium to Cheshire, who will be waiting for you near the Crevice of Bifrost.
You decided to give up delivering the box.
You left the box as it is.
The piece of paper is marked with some mysterious symbol, and below it is written ^4d4dffTo: The Crevice of Bifrost^000000 in small letters.
This must the box Cheshire was talking about.
You decide to take it to the location shown on the piece of paper.
You've already obtained the box Cheshire was talking about.
Now you only have to take it to the Crevice of Bifrost.
Bring me 20 pieces of refined Bradium.
In exchange for the box, which you carelessly and irresponsibly sold to somebody.
Have I made myself clear?!
So you've brought it?
The amount is less than it was, but I guess I can't help it.
Next time, you must bring the box to me intact.
- Cheshire threw the Bradium into the Crevice. -
You made a mistake of losing the box, you have to be content with this.
And starting tomorrow, get the box here intact.
Every day.
You've come at just the right time.
And I see the box is intact!
Well done.
Well, I'll be counting on you, tomorrow as well.
Get it?
Now, leave this place before the Laphines grow suspicious.
...Hmm? Huh?
What are you doing here?
Huh? Cheshire?
What makes you so surprised?
Does it surprise you to see me here?
Nothing, it's just the hood...
Oh... This. Because it's bothersome.
And here, I don't have to mind others.
Oh, and well met!
I was going to put you to work when you came to Diel.
.......What? Why are you staring at me like that?
his is all for Ahat's good.
I guess I have no choice.
I have a lot of things to do!
(He will be suspicious if I refuse to do it... I guess I should play along for now.)
Okay.
I'll do anything for Ahat's pleasure.
So, what do you need me for?
Things to do?
What things?
This is one of the things you must do.
Don't forget you're are loyal to Ahat.
Great! Now I will tell you what to do.
You know there is an entrance to Scaraba Hole in the middle of Kamidal Tunnel?
You will find cat caravans around there who sell supplies and some simple tools.
There is a marked box among the goods stacked there.
I'd like you to bring the box to me.
It's a simple job of picking up and delivering a box.
Do it ^4d4dff quickly and quietly, without being noticed^000000.
Now, move!
Bring the box from Kamidal Tunnel.
Quickly and quietly!
No, get a move on!
........That box!
Oh, yes. It's the right one!
You've done a good job.
This is very important.
Ahat will be pleased.
The boxes will be at the same place every day.
I'll leave the job to you.
Why don't you do it yourself?
........ Hmm...
It's only you humans that have free access to any place.
Plus, this place is Laphine territory.
I don't attract their attention much, looking like this,
but what would Saphas think?
To see Ahat's man in a Laphine territory?
They will grow suspicious.
But you humans are free from such troubles, so that's why you're the right one for the job.
(... I don't buy his story, but he believes I'm on his side, so I guess I should play along.)
What happens to this Bradium, then?
That thing?
Hand it to me.
- Cheshire opened the box, checked the Bradium in it, threw them into the Crevice,
and looked back, dusting his hands off, and with a triumphant look on his face. -
This is what happens.
*laugh* Beyond the Crevice lies a path unknown to you.
Well, I'll leave the matter to you.
Try to bring the box to me every day.
Okay?
In compensation for your efforts, I'll give you an Exploit Certification of Sapha and a little cash.
Huh? What's up?
You haven't brought the box today?
Hmm, this is unexpected...
Well, I have no choice then.
I'll have another guy do it today.
But you must do it starting tomorrow, okay?
... Huh? I think I've seen you somewhere...
..........Oh!
What brings you here?
You say you've forgotten what to do?
You're not supposed to be here.
You're supposed to be at the crevice to the south of Dicastes.
Whoa.
What was Ahat thinking when he sent such an idiot to me?
Now, get a move on and do your job.
...Why isn't this fellow showing up?
Should be here by now...
Lost the way back perhaps...?
....? Eh? Who, who are you? How long have you been standing here?
A cat?!
Who... who's a cat?!
Get lost!
Oh, have you been there?
What happened to the box?
Why are you empty-handed?
I'll look for it again!
I lost it...
Make sure you do a good job!
And keep looking for it.
You must not lose it.
Where?
Which merchant did you sell it to?
Can't you distinguish between what to sell and what not to sell?
Were you asleep when you made the deal?
This is utterly ridiculous.
Make up for what you lost!
^4d4dff20 pieces of refined Bradium^000000!!!
Each day, one of these boxes is sent to Kamidal Tunnel.
It's smuggled in among other items.
Sneak into the place on time, and bring the box to me. The boxes will be at the same place every day.
You'll be doing it every day.
It's about time.
Now go get the box.
It should be lying near the entrance to Scaraba Hole in the Kamidal Tunnel.
You've done this before, so you must be familiar with it?
You sense someone moving around.
There must be someone down there.
...Eh?
What a surprise. What are you doing here?
And what are YOU doing here?
Those ears...?
Out for a walk?
I came out with Ahat, but he went back in to take care of an urgent matter.
Wha... What a pretty tree.
This tree... it's white, transparent, and shiny.
It's a Sapha's body.
You know Saphas slowly turn to stone throughout their lives.
So when they die, they turn to stony trees.
This forest is... their cemetery, so to speak.
....... Look closely, and you can make out his arms and legs.
Interesting, isn't it?
Oh, this is so annoying.
I'm off!
- Cheshire stormed off... -
What? The ears?
Well, it's no wonder because I'm a beastman.
... Why... Why are you staring me like that?
Are you responsible for the report?!
What are you talking about?
I don't know such a thing!
- Cheshire ran away... -
A boy dressed in unusual clothing is standing, with a fierce look in his eyes.
You guess you'd better leave him alone.
You are very delicate.
It's true that I need help,
but I don't think you can help.
I hear you passed through the Hazy Forest.
Did you...
Did you happen to see
Lope, my fiance, there?
Yes, I did.
No, I didn't.
Are you sure? Where did you see him?
Take me there, quick!
You're kidding...?
How could you?
Please find my Lope.
I came here to the Village of Mora
after asking all around,
but there is nothing more I can do.
My heart aches at the thought of Lope...
He will be desperately looking for me...
Sorry, I'm busy!
I'll help you!
How heartless!
I heard that he had gone into the Hazy Forest,
while guiding tourists around the village.
One of the tourists who went with Lope
must still be at the inn.
He wouldn't see me and locked himself in the room.
But he might be willing to see you, because you've been to the Hazy Forest.
The tourist is at the inn,
not in front of me!
So you've seen Pitt!
I knew he would be willing to see you.
What did he say?
...No way....!
That is utter nonsense.
To blame Lope for it!
I found this piece of paper
near the Hazy Forest.
I'm sure it's Lope's.
If you find the rest of ^0000FFLope's Clues^000000,
you'll be able to find out
where he is.
If you come across a ^0000FFLope's Clue^000000, please show it to Pitt.
I hope he will tell the truth soon.
I don't understand it.
I'm now suspicious of his motives.
Why is he trying so hard to accuse Lope?
Wait... those clues...
Those seem to be more than simple notes.
Can I have a look at them?
These fit together like a puzzle.
... Oh!... This is...
...We've been wandering around the Forest for days.
...So we're not protecting the tourists,
I got sick from deadly poison, and became a burden to everyone.
How pathetic...
No wonder I was kicked out of
the Splendide Expedition.
...But I managed to protect at least one tourist.
He will deliver this letter and the ring to you.
...I wanted to propose to you
as a proud member of the Expedition.
I'm sorry, Euridi.
See you soon.
Having read the letter,
Euridi is standing staring blankly like someone who wasn't all there.
Let's go show the letter to Pitt.
No, Lope must be safe.
He will come back no matter what...
You hear a song coming from the girl who is hanging her head low.
Her friend seems to have something to say.
You hear a quiet singing voice.
You can't make the words out.
Have you found Lope?
Is he safe?
Tell her you can't possibly find him.
Tell her he is dead.
I'll go look for him myself.
Hopefully... it's not too late, yet.
Let me go, there's no time to lose!
I don't believe it.
He told me he would come back soon...
He told me to hang on.
It can't be... It just can't be...
You hand her Lope's Ring, which Pitt gave you.
With the ring in her hand, Euridi bursts into tears.
She starts to sing in a strained voice, still crying.
You stand frozen.
Please stop Euridi.
She is desperate to find her missing fiance.
Pitt is definitely suspicious.
I think he is avoiding Euridi...
He must be hiding something.
To tell the truth, I don't think
that Lope is alive.
I'm just worried about Euridi.
Aaarrrggghhh!!!!!!!!
To tell the truth, I really believe
*sigh*
How's Pitt doing?
I think I should go visit him
and make him feel worse!
He's so disgusting!
Go to Pitt, quick.
Euridi is singing a song of healing
to protect her weakened body and mind.
At this rate, something's going to happen to her too.
Oh, I remember a traveler telling me
that he had seen a suspicious man
near the entrance to the Hazy Forest.
The traveler says he looked creepy standing there staring blankly,
but he couldn't see clearly
because of the thick fog.
I think it's worth investigating.
I hear that a suspicious man was seen
Your face is dark.
Bad news?
There is a Laphine saying that
desperation invites disaster.
Maybe we're responsible
for what happened.
You have too many things with you.
Can you throw out some of them?
Lope will be able to rest in peace now.
Thank you. I won't forget what you've done for me.
Thank you. I won't forget your help.
So you're quite good,
since you passed through the Hazy Forest alive.
I'm completely messed up, you see,
so I can't afford to listen to the tales of your exploits.
Now leave.
You have a knack for pestering people, don't you?
Euridi sent you, eh?
The Laphine couple is
anxious to kill me.
Go and tell her!
That the stupid guide
pushed us reluctant tourists into the forest,
and ran off to save his own skin!
So you're sorry that it's me, not him, that's here?
He will be alive somewhere,
so go and try to find him! Just stop bothering me!
This is all because of
the stupid guide!
I hate Laphines!
That thing you have in your hand...
It looks very strange.
I've never seen such a thing before.
You'd better not keep that.
Can I have it?
Give it to him.
Don't give it to him.
So I swallow it like this,
and voila! Evidence gone!
Now I can sleep soundly, thank you!
Why are you showing me such a thing?
I don't know anything! I'm the victim here!
I'm a victim of the schemes of the Laphine couple.
It's unfair...
It's no use trying to talk to him any more.
Try talking to Euridi.
This is unfair!
This is so totally unfair!
What are you, a professional mover?
Stomping about with a ton of stuff on your back!
I can't rest because of the noise!
Throw away all that stuff!
I never imagined you'd find them all
and piece them together.
Is this a divine punishment...?
Or Laphines' curse?
Whew...
That guide fellow,
he opened the gate out
when he was hit hard
by the poison.
When I was hesitating whether to take him with me,
he handed me that letter and the ring.
Laphines' jewelry...
It's rumored that nobody could ever have it except Laphines,
including the Gods themselves.
So I had in my hands
a treasure among treasures!
How...! Just how on earth
could I have let it pass through!
I was going to leave this place
as soon as I pulled myself together.
But now I'm stuck here,
affected by the poison myself.
I'll give you the ring back,
so please leave me alone!
Then where could Lope...?
If he died near the exit of the forest,
he must be somewhere around there,
in whatever form he might be in.
I'm a victim, too!
So leave me alone! I beg you!
He's sleeping.
He seems to be in a very deep sleep.
Aaaarrrrrggggghhhh!!!!!!
I can't see anything.
Who's there?
Answer, or I'll take you as an enemy and kill you.
Euridi is looking for you.
Wraith, how can you be so harsh to me?
I asked you to wipe the name off my mind
in return for bearing the curse!
Will you please calm down and listen to...
My desire to help
led me to my death,
And my desire to survive and take revenge
led me to my rebirth.
I will not side with life any more.
As soon as my transformation is over,
I will punish you all with the bloody confusion of the Hazy Forest,
which saved my life!
You put the letter Euridi pieced together in Lope's hands.
...This is!
I feel Euridi's touch.
So the letter... was delivered to Euridi?
This is unbelievable...
Deformed as I am now,
I'm not her love any more.
Go back, and tell her that Lope turned to dust
on the ground of the Hazy Forest long ago.
Now go!
This is my last request as a Laphine called Lope...
You see a ring glowing faintly on his left hand.
I see a suspicious man. Should I try talking to him?
Leave him alone.
Talk to him.
Aaaaarrrrrggghh!!!!!
^FF0000- Warning message -
- Hang on there!! -
- You have too many items -
- to receive any more items. -
- Please lighten your load -
- and try again. -^000000
Don't humans sleep?
People should be sleeping at this hour.
Why on earth are you bothering me?
I can't get any sleep because of you.
I have to sleep for my research tomorrow.
You should go sleep too.
Z z Z z
^FF0000He appears to be asleep.^000000
Oh no~ My research tools...
What...... What was it?
What is your business here?
Hmm?
You're human...? Are you human...?
You... came from the underworld?
Human beings are incredible...
You survived the crevice and made it here.
You, come here for a minute.
It's a simple experiment, so there's no need to be afraid.
What a crazy Raffle. I must run away.
You said you had made it up from the Crevice,
so I was wondering what race you were,
but a mere human? How did you get up here?
What... I thought a human who made it up from the Crevice
would be extraordinary,
but you're no more than a kid.
Go hunt more ^000000Porings^000000
and come back when your level is in the triple digits kid!
You... You're not like the other humans.
You're not running away...
You've got some serious guts...
Now I really want to do some experiments on you...
Well... that's... um...
Ha ha... Just kidding...
I'm a Raffle researcher,
but I don't research humans.
Actually, I have no idea
what to research
about humans...
Glad to hear that...
That's that. You're not busy, are you?
I'd like you to give me a hand...
Help him.
Help willingly.
Although you feel a little embarrassed, help anyhow.
Help with conviction.
Help adorably.
You're suspicious, but help anyhow.
You have no choice. Help him.
I haven't met many humans
but you clearly care about
another person's hardship.
You must be an ^FF0000extremely^000000 nice human.
I'll save my thanks for time's sake.
It's important, so please take care of it quickly.
I can't proceed with the research because of it.
Here at the Mora Inn,
there's a very famous bath.
If anybody, not just us Raffles,
goes into the bath water
their wounds will be healed instantly...
So being a great researcher, I went into the bath
to check it out further
and... unfortunately...
I was attacked by a mysterious creature,
and I lost consciousness.
When I woke up, I realized that
my important research tools were missing...
So I was at a loss for what to do.
And here you are, a human,
a brave, heroic human that arrived at Mora Village from the Crevice.
Your willingness to help has really taken this load off of my mind.
Please go to the bath house and retrieve my research tools.
The sooner you get them back,
the sooner I can get back to my research.
Have a safe trip.
You're back? Where are my research tools?
You still haven't found the research tools?
I'm disappointed. Get yourself to the bath
and quickly retrieve my research tools
taken away from me.
Wow!! You found the research tools...?
You're quite capable.
I really like how you handle your work.
I like you.
Do you want to work on my research with me?
I could use your help here and there,
until I'm done with this research.
As you wish.
Great. Thanks, and when we're done,
I'll pay you handsomely.
Also, for every research project that's completed,
I'll also give you some pocket money.
Young Raffles these days... they are just plain stupid.
I've always wanted a capable research assistant,
but it hasn't been easy to find one.
By the way... Was it that difficult to
reclaim the research tools?
You're carrying some very heavy looking equipment.
Go lighten your load, and I'll pay you for your work.
It must've been hard work to retrieve the tools.
Why don't you take this and go to the inn
and rest up? There's nothing for you to do right now.
I'm still preparing for the research.
Unfortunately a few research tools
were damaged.
Come to think of it, I don't think
I told you my name.
My name is Inffle. If anybody
asks you who you are working with,
you can say ^0000FFI'm working with Researcher Inffle.^000000
That's why I'm telling you my name.
Why? The inn is closed?
That's strange, it shouldn't be.
Why don't you go try again?
Darn, I get more worked up the more I think about it.
It's not like I went with bad intentions...
I just wanted to do some research...
Can't believe I got attacked...
I just can't believe it...
What do you think?
Good thing you're here.
I've been thinking about
the unidentified creature in the bath.
He's quite the little devil, to take research tools,
which are as important to a researcher as his life...
A research assistant's job
is to make sure that the researcher can focus on his research
And not have to worry about anything else... VERY! Important.
I'd like you to take my revenge
on the unidentified creature for me...
I don't even want anything that drastic.
3 times! Go bully him for just 3 times.
You can draw on his face,
pinch him, tickle him,
whatever you want. Just bully him 3 times.
How's the work going?
An assistant has to work swiftly and effectively.
Could it be that you have forgotten
what your task is?
Exactly. What should I do?
Go bully the unidentified creature
just 3 times.
pinch him, tickle him, or whatever.
Bully him 3 times.
So you taught him a lesson? Great. I feel avenged!
For a while, I couldn't sleep
because I couldn't stop thinking about the lost research tools.
That's that! We need to begin the bath research now.
I need to finish the research quickly,
so that I can start on a new topic.
Go to the bath water
with the sample tube that I give you,
and gather some samples.
Look around the bath water,
and you will find an area emitting a distinct aura.
You can collect the samples
from that area.
You are carrying too much weight.
I can't give you the sample tube.
Why don't you lighten your load and come back?
Here is the sample tube for collecting.
Go and collect 10 samples!
Have you collected the samples yet?
Please hurry up.
I know that you've done a lot...
but you are carrying too many things.
Even though I want to give you pocket money, I can't.
Could you lighten your load and come back?
You got the bath water sample. Great job.
I'll have to run a few tests
with the bath water samples.
It usually takes about 24 hours.
Why don't you come back then?
The basic tests have not been completed yet.
There's nothing for you to do now.
Go for a walk.
Spend some money that I gave you.
The basic tests are done.
As I thought...
There were many interesting substances in the bath water.
The most notable is this unidentifiable DNA.
I didn't have a chance to compare it to a lot of DNA samples,
but I'm pretty sure that this DNA
has been transformed by the mysterious substances of the bath.
After much thought,
I concluded that this DNA probably belongs to
the unidentified creature that attacked me.
I'd better compare the two.
Please return to the bath
If you can, please bring me 10 of them.
Look carefully!
I'm certain that the creature
As humans say,
I've been waiting forever for them.
OK, I'll get to work right away.
If you have any business to attend to, do so.
The DNA analysis takes about 6 hours.
Why don't you go for a walk
and come back then?
I'm still analyzing the DNA.
Why don't you go for a walk and come back then?
This is not it.
The samples that you collected belonged to a normal species.
Must be because so many species of creatures
have been in the bath.
I'm sorry, but please re-collect the samples.
Great! These samples are surely
from the mysterious creature.
According to the analysis,
The DNA is a mutant form of fish DNA.
I'm not sure how long this creature
has lived in the bath,
but this DNA is 70% evolved
from the original fish DNA.
Where did this fish come from?
How can it survive in the warm bath water?
After the DNA analysis,
my head is filled with even more questions.
The village elders say
that the bath water comes from
the puddles around the village.
If you get me a sample from the puddle
to the east, at 2 o'clock from here,
I'll tell you what to do next.
You probably don't need to run around
like you did collecting
the bath water samples.
If you get all 4 puddle samples at once
it may be more convenient. However,
there's the risk of samples being damaged or mixed up.
Therefore, I'm going to send you one place at a time. Good luck.
You still haven't gone to collect the puddle sample?
Go to the puddle to the east of the village,
and collect a sample.
It's going to be at 2 o'clock from here.
You have the sample from the puddle to the east?
Great job, but it's no time to rest -
the research is almost done.
Get me a sample from the puddle from the west.
It's not completely to the west...
The puddle should be at 7 o'clock
from the village.
Take care not to damage the sample.
Go to the puddle to the west of the village,
It's going to be at 7 o'clock from here.
You have the sample from the puddle to the west?
Get me a sample from the puddle from the south.
The puddle to the south
should be... at 6 o'clock from here.
I can't emphasize this enough, even if I did it 1000000000000000000000 times.
Please take care that
the sample is not damaged.
The puddle to the south is located
at 6 o'clock from here.
You know what I'm going to say?
Be careful.
You have the sample from the puddle to the south?
Now only the puddle to the north
remains to be sampled.
Please get me the sample from the puddle to the north.
It's not completely to the north.
it's at 11 o'clock from the village.
Please get me a sample from the puddle to the north.
It's not exactly north of the village.
The puddle should be located at 11 o'clock
You brought the last sample from the puddle from the north.
Great work. You've done really well.
Now, I'm going to do some research
with these samples,
looking at the relationship between
these puddles and the bath.
If I finish this experiment...
There's probably nothing else to do. While I run the experiment,
why don't you go and entertain yourself?
Comparison of the samples and the bath water
will take about 12 hours.
What? You're here? Well...
But the sample studies have not been finished.
This is an experiment for the final result,
so don't be too hasty.
I think the research will take about 12 hours.
Come back then.
You're here? Finally,
the experiment results are all in.
Do you want to look at the results?
Actually, I don't want to.
Look at the results.
Good thinking. Actually, it may hurt
regular people's brains to look at it.
I suppose it's time for your reward
for helping me out so much.
Did I talk to you about the reward before the experiment?
That you won't be sorry that you helped out...
You're curious about the results? Really???
OK, here it is.
There are no volcanoes around the area
and no record of volcanoes in the past,
but the water temperature is that high...
Isn't it surprising?
The ingredients are... yes.
There are certainly substances that are beneficial for you humans.
But, there are also substances
that are fatal to us Raffles,
or other races.
And if you look at the electric conductivity,
it is quite higher than that of the average water.
My theory is that
this must be the cause of the mysterious power.
That's what I'm thinking about.
Anyhow.
There is something at work that science cannot explain
in the bath water...
Take the unidentified creature, for instance.
How strange is it that a fish can live
in such warm water?
I'm not satisfied with the research results and conclusions.
I guess in the end,
it will remain a mystery...
I was thinking about what you would want
for your reward... and I felt
a little... sad.
During our short time here together working on these projects,
I sent you all over the place.
It must've been hard, but you didn't complain at all.
And unlike some of the other guys I've had,
you never skipped work.
I suppose I've grown fond of you,
so that it saddens me to say goodbye...
But thank you anyhow. I've been researching for a while,
but I've never met such an excellent research assistant as you.
Hmm? By the way...
Could it be because you are also sad
about parting ways?
With this weight, I can't give you a reward!
The best research assistant in my life...
If we happen to run into each other again,
let's work on a research project once more.
Hmm? No?... What are you doing here?
Could it be that you suddenly want to look at
the research report???
Look at the report.
I came to say hello.
Haven't I shown it to you before?
Maybe I haven't shown you.
Sorry about that. So you wanted to see it so badly
that you came back to see me?
Great! Here it is.
This concludes the report of
Mora Village's mysterious bath.
You want to look again?
Look again.
Don't look again.
Sure... As you wish!!
Goodbye. Come by any time,
if you want to look at the results again.
You're always welcome here.
Oh, You came to say hi. I see.
I've been telling you that I lucked out in picking you as my research assistant.
Come by any time,
Hmm? I'm Researcher Inffle.
Who are you?
*** Researcher - Inffle
<Research topic>
*** Bath of Mora Village
<Aim>
To investigate the mysterious power of the bath water
and to find out ways to better utilize
the water.
<Methods>
1. Obtained an unidentified DNA sample.
Obtained a sample of an unidentified DNA,
and collected more samples to look further into it.
2. A comparison analysis on the unidentified DNA
Concluded that the DNA belongs to
an unidentified creature living in the bath water.
combine and result in
from the swordfish DNA.
3. Research on the puddles around the village
From the four puddles around the village,
confirmed that the testing substances were
distributed evenly across the puddles.
It is thought that the four puddles
the mysterious power.
<Material analysis>
*** Temperature ***** 33.5¡Æ
*** PH ************ 9.8
*** Solid residues *** 176
*** K+ ************ 0,23
*** Ca++ ********** 1.83
*** Cl- *********** 26.2
*** HCO3- ********* 31.0
*** H2S *********** 1.7
*** Na++ ********** 51.9
*** Mg+ *********** 0.03
*** SO4- ********** 5.0
*** SiO2 ********** 23.9
*** Li ************ 0.06
*** CO3+ ********** 22.8
*** Sr ************ 0.04
*** Ge ************ 0.004
*** T-solids ****** 165
*** Electric conductivity **** 500
*** Longitude ********** 4.6
Something looks at you from head to toe, and disappears, mocking you.
You see a dark hole. As you show interest, something disappears quickly into the dark hole.
Arrgghh!!!
Why you bother me.
You stop bullying me.
Bully anyway.
I'll stop.
You... Good.
Everybody calls me monster.
Hit me. Bully. Me tired.
My name Fishee.
Dad name me.
He appears to be rambling.
Bully. Fun. Every day.
I talk. Still bully.
You... Good. Help Fishee?
You good. Good!
Me didn't live here.
Me lived puddle.
Puddle. Live there.
Me sleep weird.
Wake up one day.
Here, bath.
Don't know how go home.
Me just live here.
Grow big. Hole small.
Can't get in.
Me miss family. Me want to see family.
You good. How my family do.
Bring me. Good.
How would I know who is your family?
Us fish stupid.
Stupid. But know family name.
Family know name Fishee. Family come.
Please. In puddle.
You tell me my family do okay.
You forgot me name?
Please tell me your name again!
I know your name.
Your memory, like fish.
Stupid. I talk.
My name Fishee, Fishee!!
You have lots.
I give. To you.
Empty bag. Come back.
You told me my family ok. Thank you.
I know thank you. Fish.
Re... Don't know word.
Perhaps... Reward??
Yes. That. You good.
Smart. Give you reward.
This, I got from bath.
No. Someone left it.
... ... Good guy. I give you.
You...  I saw. Feeling. I saw. Feeling.
You... Name?
No know. No remember..
Who.. you... are?
The unidentified creature is attacking. What will you do?
Attack with a weapon.
Attack using a skill.
Attack using teeth.
Run away in fear.
You use your steel-like teeth to bite the unidentified creature, but the frightened creature dodged. He stares at you with strange eyes.
You get scared of the unidentified creature, and attempt to run.
Fortunately, the unidentified creature did not come after you.
When you attempt to run away, the unidentified creature sees you and attacks. You fail to escape.
The creature slams you with its tail. It's so painful that a tear rolls out of your eyes. ^FF000010^000000 damaged received.
You won. The unidentified creature is unconscious.
What will you do?
Look for the research tools.
You attempted to look for the research tools,
You'd better lighten your load
and come back.
Found Researcher Raffle's ^0000FF Research tool ^000000.
The creature wakes up and disappears into the dark hole.
How will you bully the creature?
You bully the unidentified creature. This is kind of fun.
You bully the unidentified creature for the second time. It's definitely entertaining.
You bully the unidentified creature for the third time. It's fun, but now it is time to stop.
Check the body of the unidentified creature.
Leave.
While you were checking the body of the unidentified creature, your fingers touch something. You got lucky, but due to your heavy load you failed to obtain a ^0000FF Mora Coin^000000.
While you were checking the body of the unidentified creature, your fingers touch something. Lucky. Obtained a ^0000FF Mora Coin^000000.
As soon as you touch the creature's body, it wakes up and disappears into the dark hole.
The unidentified creature shoots a stream of bath water.
The unidentified creature dashes at you with great speed. It appears to be attempting a headbutt.
The unidentified creature runs at you with its teeth bared. It appears to be attempting to bite.
Dodge.
Block.
It's too much. Run away.
The unidentified creature shoots a stream of water at you, but you dodge it easily by tilting your body.
The unidentified creature shoots a stream of water at you, but you dodge it while picking your nose.
The unidentified creature dashes at you attempting a headbutt, but you are not the one to succumb to such an attack.
The unidentified creature dashes at you attempting a headbutt, but you move slightly to dodge the attack.
The unidentified creature dashes at you attempting a headbutt, but you dodge the attack while picking your nose.
The unidentified creature dashes at you attempting a headbutt, but you dodge the attack easily.
The unidentified creature runs at you with its teeth bared, but you dodge the attack sneering.
The unidentified creature runs at you with its teeth bared, but you dodge the attack by moving slightly.
The unidentified creature runs at you with its teeth bared, but you dodge the attack while stretching.
The unidentified creature runs at you with its teeth bared, but you dodge the attack while counting Zenies.
The unidentified creature runs at you with its teeth bared, but you dodge the attack lightly.
Fortunately ^BF2C15Unidentified creature^000000
did not come after you.
When you attempt to run away, the unidentified creature sees you and attacks.
You fail to escape.
You lost to the unidentified creature. Your mind goes blank and you faint.
You leave the bath with somebody's help.
You can now use the mysterious power of bath water.
You find an area emitting a distinct aura.
You may be able to collect bath water samples.
Collect samples.
You will not need additional samples.
To obtain a sample, you need a sample tube.
Collecting samples.
You have so many items
that it is difficult to collect samples.
You will have to lighten your load and come back.
Bath water sample collection complete.
Bath water sample collection failed.
Something is shining in the water.
What do you want to do?
Look further.
of the unidentified creature.
You thought you saw it on the ground, but it was an illusion.
You can no longer use the mysterious power of the bath water.
^FF0000Something appeared.^000000
^FFFF00You cannot use the mysterious power of the bath water.^000000
that the researcher talked about.
Will you collect a sample?
Collect a sample.
Don't collect a sample.
You have no empty sample tubes.
You already have a sample.
You should look for the unidentified creature's family.
Fish~ Fish~
When you called out, an answer came
from the puddle.
Who? Fisher? Go!
I'm looking for a particular fish's family.
Family? What be that fish name?
What was the name of the unidentified creature?
You go.
It appears that the unidentified creature's family is not here.
Husband here come. Your son.
News here.
Another creature from the puddle spoke to you.
What? Missing son news?
The two fish were very excited,
and their conversation was hard to follow.
You waited for them to calm down
and told them the full story.
Yes... At night, son
gone... Night fishers.
Son stupid. Caught. Dead. OK.
Fishee alive. Great. Great.
Yes... Human give son news.
Thanks. Son,
We okay. Happy. Here. You tell son.
You yelled out loud for fish,
but there is no response.
I don't think anybody lives
in this puddle.
You see a puddle with a calm surface.
You have too many kinds of things with you to do that. Throw out some of them and try again.
You are carrying too much weight to do that. Reduce the weight and try again.
Hmm, you don't look reliable enough to perform tasks for me.
Why don't you come back when you've grown stronger? I can't give you tasks when you're in your current state.
I have no additional tasks available now. If I get some, I'll let you know when you come back.
Will you please check with ^990099Hotcha^000000
on the details of the previous task?
Welcome.
I have some tasks for you - will you take a look at them?
What kind of tasks do you have for me?
Tell me about today's task.
I'm the Head of the Volunteer Patrol of the Village of Mora. It didn't used to be like this, he he.
Each day, I'll be giving you a quest to kill off monsters in the surrounding area.
You might get a task that's far too difficult for you to take care of alone - in that case, try to get help from your fellow adventurers.
Let me see what tasks we've got today... Hmm...
How about this one?
Strange insects that carry fruit on their backs roam this area - you must've seen them.
I'd like you to take them out as you see them, before they try to sell anything to the adventurers lost in the forest.
There have been a lot of reports lately about mantises disguised as flowers attacking creatures passing by.
No casualties have been reported yet, but it wouldn't hurt to take precautions. Please deal with them appropriately.
An adventurer was reported to have been attacked by little birds while gathering resources in the vicinity of Bifrost.
They didn't look so ferocious... but the adventurer has asked me to get rid of them, so you'll have to do it.
I have qualms about this one, but somebody anonymously asked me to hunt down the naughty fairies.
I don't know what grudge he has against the fairies, but a request is a request.
Would you believe it if I said there are balls of blonde hair rolling around? You wouldn't, would you?
They don't seem so dangerous, but they are reported to steal books and sweets from adventurers. Please deal with them appropriately.
Hmm, you don't look reliable enough for Elephantine's tasks.
This place is like a paradise for adventurers. Not for weak ones like you, though.
I see you haven't received
any tasks yet.
Go talk to Elephantine,
and Elephantine will give you
one of the countless tasks.
The time is up to complete the existing tasks.
If you have any unfinished tasks in your quest log, they are considered 'failed' and removed from the log.
Once they are removed, go talk to Elephantine and you can receive new tasks.
How may I help you?
I have completed a task.
Oh.
Have you?
Please wait a minute while I check the documents.
Yes, I see you've completed the task. It has been confirmed as completed.
It may be a documentation error, but according to the documents, you have nothing to do with the tasks.
I try to give tasks only to reliable people. You are......... no, never mind.
You really have no clue. What could you do with such a weak body?
Will you please check with the ^990099General Goods Dealer^000000
Here, we make all kinds of supplies for adventurers.
We accept raw materials for the supplies once a day.
Sometimes, we might ask for materials that are very difficult to obtain. In that case, try to get help from your fellow adventurers.
Let me see... what supplies are we making today...?
The adventurers here make sure to bring with them, on their exploration to dungeons, a preservative to keep their food fresh. Do you know what the preservative is made from?
*grin* None other than... Insect Feelers! The General Goods Dealer there asked me to get four of them. I personally would not eat it for all the world...
These days, it's common for adventurers here to make talismans to protect themselves on their dangerous adventures. Like a kind of insurance.
Immortal Hearts seem to be all the rage lately. The General Goods Merchant asked me to get five of them.
They need tons of Rotten Bandages for making first aid bandages. They must have run out of new materials.
The client is the General Goods Merchant over there. Three bunches of them will be enough.
Symbols of strong warriors give adventurers great support on their journeys. That's why Orcish Vouchers sell like hotcakes.
The General Goods Dealer asked me to get three Orcish Vouchers, which are to be used to make symbols of courage.
It seems to be rumored among adventurers that drinking powdered bones mixed with water helps boost their stamina.
The General Goods Dealer asked me to get three Skel-Bones, which are to be used to make tonic.
Hmm, you don't look reliable enough for Bow-wow's tasks.
What could you do with that fragile body? Go get some exercise.
Go talk to Bow-wow,
and Bow-wow will give you
Once they are removed, go talk to Bow-wow and you can receive new tasks.
The amount is not enough...
I've received the items all right. It will be some time before I have another task for you, so why don't you visit the hot spring and relax?
Can you please keep away from me? You're getting in the way.
This place is not a nursery. Grow up and come back, and I'll gladly give you tasks.
Will you please check with the ^990099Commodities Dealer^000000, standing across from me,
Nice to see you.
Bow-wow and I are in the same industry.
We are a manufacturer of adventurers' supplies.
My tasks won't be easy - you'd better prepare yourself.
Hmm... What tasks are at hand today?
Oh. This one looks good.
Some people just hang their talismans around their necks, but more people choose to seal them in special cases and carry them on their bodies.
Mementos serve as inspirations for designers of those cases. The Commodities Dealer across from me asked me to get two of them.
Adventurers make sure to keep their talismans safe, because they could save their lives.
The Commodities Dealer across from me seems to make protective cases out of Shells. I was asked to get three of them.
Adventurers that go into the bushes of the Maze of the Hazy Forest always wear knee protectors.
The Commodities Dealer across from me asked me to get three Scale Shells, which are to be used to make knee protectors.
I have a task for you at hand, making a vaccine for possible poisonous insects.
The Commodities Dealer across from me asked me to get two Venom Canines, which are to be used in the research of the substance.
It seems they have run out of the material for adding non-slip soles to shoes.
The Commodities Dealer across from me commissioned me to get five globs of Sticky Mucus.
Well, Woof-grrr can't have given a weakling like you tasks.
Go away! I can't concentrate on cataloging with you hanging around like that...
Go talk to Woof-grrr,
and Woof-grrr will give you
Once they are removed, go talk to Woof-grrr and you can receive new tasks.
I've received the items all right. I look forward to working with you again.
Reliability is the primary quality needed in looking for lost souls. You don't look so reliable to me.
You need to have a strong spirit to do this task. I think you need a lot more discipline.
You still have marks of the haunting souls on your body.
You'll have to come back when the marks have disappeared.
You feel your mind has calmed down once again. You now have enough energy to go look for other souls, so talk to the Guide again.
Are you ready?
My job is to gather the remains of the souls haunting the forest and put them to rest.
There are countless souls trapped in the Maze.
Help them get their long-deserved rest.
I'll show you the details of one of the lost souls.
^660066Age 32. Comes from Midgard. Has been missing for 3 months since he went to the Maze of the Hazy Forest in order to collect the native plants. Low chance of survival.^000000
^660066Age 19. Adventurer who came from a far, unknown place by ship. Been missing for 2 months since he went to explore the Maze dressed in thin tights, despite dissuasion of all Mora residents.
Even if he's alive, he would cause trouble to the rescue team.^000000
^660066Age unknown. Has some mental illness. Went alone in order to purify the Maze of the Hazy forest. He insists that he has good ancestry but no one trusts him.
Disappearance period : 12 years. Not much chance of survival.^000000
^660066Age 51. Used to be a big thief who stole famous swords from all around the world.
Went missing in the Maze after being pursued for running an illegal casino house which caused massive casualties in his final years. Low chance of survival.^000000
^660066Age 22. An apprentice of an airship pilot. He has gone missing while drinking in Mora town, where he went for a break.
Rumor has it that he fled after signing somewhere. Disappearance period : 4 months. Low chance of survival.^000000
^660066Age Unknown. A female with long hair, dressed in black. Went on an expedition to the forest of the Maze in search of eternal life. Disappearance period : 3 months. Low chance of survival.^000000
^660066Age around 50. The current Mayor of the Mora village. He ran away to the Forest of Maze after being caught pocketing profits by cheating the residents. Survival uncertain.^000000
^660066Age 29. A young man with an unknown background.
Fled to the forest of maze after scamming 1200 Mora coins from Mora residents while pretending to start a lot of business and adapting himself in Mora. Survival uncertain.^000000
^660066Age 34. Flirted with several women in Mora. Fled from Mora villagers to the forest of maze. Survival uncertain.^000000
^660066Age Unknown. Disappered with coins which were joint controlled by the villagers. Low chance of survival.^000000
I don't know whether to believe this art dealer... He made me stand here like this for days.... Ah... I feel dizzy.
I don't know when carving my pendant will be completed. Since he is a reliable art dealer, I suppose he won't break my pendant.
You Bastard! I want my rugged outwear! That was passed on to me by my father *SOB*
^990099 It seems that he has gotten a great deal of damage from the art dealer.^000000
Enter your password
Hehe
14.1 Initializing all quest window include related daily quest and map and so on
You have to make space in your inventory.
You see traces of recent digging.
We are the legendary order of the Neighborhood Knights, founded just five minutes ago!
We have four chiefs but no foot soldiers...
It's so frustrating!
Those other guys are all soldiers, but I'm the Boss!
I, the Head, will tell you what to do!
The Leader is the highest in the rank!
You talked me into joining the order, and now look at this!
We've run out of Mora Coins.
Come back tomorrow!
You have a lot of things with you!
Why not dump some of them in my pocket?
So you've brought back
200 ^FF0000Mysterious Seeds^000000.
Are you working under my command?
I'm so confused
because I've been sending random people on errands.
I'll reward you as I promised.
You made sure everyone knows
it's the Order of the Neighborhood Knights's work, right?
You have courage to
show up out of nowhere
and demand Mora Coins... how impressive!
You're more than qualified to be a soldier of the Order of the Neighborhood Knights.
Soldier, I need you to do something for me.
Go to the Hazy Forest and gather 200 ^FF0000Mysterious Seeds^000000!
Yes, sir!
I challenge you to a duel!
I'll reward you handsomely when you get back.
This is from me, the Chief!
Don't look down on the Head!
It's from me, the Leader!
See the Chief if you want to have a duel!
I'm in charge of recruiting here.
Ahem...
I hear that a Laphine called 'Lope'
went missing in the Hazy Forest.
I wish the Order of the Neighborhood Knights
could help solve the case,
but we can't now
because we're not done cleaning the yard yet.
So, what I'm trying to say is
why don't you go
and deal with the problem
on behalf of the Order of the Neighborhood Knights!
I promise, as the Head of the Order,
that I'll give you more work
when you get back!
I approve it, as the Chief.
You can thank me, the Boss.
You know the Leader is the boss here, right?
So the missing Laphine
is dead?
I'm sorry to hear that.
I could have saved him.
I hear that there are more ^0000FFLope's Clues^000000
in the Hazy Forest.
Go look for the rest of them
and bring back about 30 of them.
They will make great souvenirs.
Am I doing all the work here or what?
So you've noticed it?
Darn! I should have given you work earlier!
It was worthwhile to have trained you after all.
I think you'll make a great right-hand man, the Chief.
I feel rewarded, as the Boss.
As the Leader, I'm so pleased to see you all improve.
You still haven't gathered
^0000FFLope's Clues^000000?
I feel somewhat good,
because that's about what I expected out of you.
So you've brought back ^0000FFLope's Clues^000000.
Let's see ...
Assemble, assemble
Attach, attach
...a traveler... attacked...
...under disguise... deadly poison...
...the Village... in danger...
What on earth does this mean?
Well done, anyway.
Cheer up, you will be a great head of the Knights like myself, someday.
I'm not so sure!
It's too much for us.
It's no use trying to do it.
We're in trouble.
We're sick of being knights.
We're thinking of forming
a circus troupe instead.
Are you interested in trying tightrope walking?
Well, I could do a fire show.
This is so absurd.
No, it's impossible.
I burned down a few houses
playing with fire.
That's the answer I expected.
I'm proud of myself.
I'm the Leader of the Order -
you can tell me.
What brings you here? Do you have some work for us?
Huh! I said the Boss is the boss!
No, the Chief is the best!
How rude you all are! I'm the Head here!
