You have a heavy load. Maybe you're a peddler? No peddlers in this area.
Ohh!
You've come here to ask about investing?
You've come to the right place.
I am here to invest in the Cat Paw Merchant Association.
Err-- I mean I'm here to help honest people like you.
Hehehe~
I can't remember everything because I've been here talking to you humans.
But I want to know first... Hold on.
smell... smell...
Ah?!
You don't know much about the Cat Paw Merchant Association, do you?
Hmm, you do not really smell like a cat.
Good!!
You made the right decision to be here to invest in the Cat Paw Merchant Association~
First, you need to have ten pieces of Malangdo cans if you want to open an account.
Open an account
Ask about benefits
Cancel
Hmm!
I'd love to give you account for
free but as you know, this is for
advertising investers of the trader group, sorry.
Good!
Write down here~ and
print your palm there,
ah!~ what's your name?
Number of accounts: 10
OK! Registered!
You have an account now.
Will get an investment of a certain nunber of cans next time.
I wish to get lots of investments
so you can have many services as well.
And, I also hope that we, the Cat Paw Merchant Association, will make much money.
See you next investment~
You want to know the benefits of investing?
Actually, we are a small group of cats and we don't think like humans.
There are lots of benefits based on how much you've invested in our services.
These include more warps, extra storage locations and price reductions of goods and services.
I promise that if our trade is growing you will benefit from it as well.
Ahh~ You're just going to leave?
T_T~ Please open an account.
I can't remember everyone since I meet so many people...
But I want to check first... Hold on.
Excuse me!
This is a familiar smell!!
If it's so...!!
You are here to invest!!
Good!~~ Good to see you~
From your smell~ you are below 10,000 accounts.
Until then, you can get an account by investing ten cans.
Such a stong smell!!
Then it must be!!
A VIP invester!!!!!!
You're here to invest? Welcome!
A VIP invester with over 10,000 accounts
can get another account with 20 cans.
A good investment!
What will you do?
Invest
Check the number of accounts
Ohh~ thank you for investing~
You can get a maximum of 10 accounts at one time.
Isn't it lovely?
How many will you invest in? Enter 0 to cancel.
Please invest next time~
You can get a maximum of 10 accounts~
Total " + .@input + " accounts, right?
Do you want to go through with this?
Yes
No
Oh? Is that wrong? Weird.
Please check again~
Ahhh!
You don't have enough cans.
I'm a busy cat, you know.
Thank you for your help~
Once we get more investments of cans,
our trader group will grow even more.
And you can get services as well~
A win-win strategy?
You can have 20,000 accounts max
according to the trader policy...
Thank you so much for your investment~
but you can still donate some of your cans to the trader group.
Thank you so much~
With your big investment in cans,
this will help us meet our goals earlier.
Thank you again.
You want to check the number of accounts? Hmm, let's see~
Got it?
You've made many investments. Thank you.
Want to donate?
Donate
Hehe~ then have fun in here~
the cans will be distributed to cats
in the Midgard area with honor~
The can donation can range from a minimum of 20 to a maximum of 10,000.
Hmm? You don't have enough cans.
Ohh! Thank you~
I have only Increase AGI
and Blessing to give you.
Thank you.
Hey, looks like you might be looking to unload some of your stuff from your pack.
Want to open storage? For free?
Hahaha~ Just kidding, of course it isn't free.
What do you take me for?
Pay with Can ----- 1 unit
Pay with Zeny ------- 1,500z
Pay with Can ----- 2units
Pay with Zeny ------- 3,000z
Ah, hold on!!
You need to have ^FF0000Basic Skill level 6^000000 to use the storage service!!
You don't have enough cans...
You don't have enough zeny...
Ah, you mean the ad... well, you mean our village chief?
You'd better not bother him, since he's always busy.
^0000FFBut it'd be impossible to talk without bothering him anyway......^000000
He is simply always busy.
Ad...?
Village chief?
Ah, there was an admiral of this ship before settling in here~
Shining golden eyes like the sun!!!
Silvery beard fluttering with a rough sea breeze!!!
Kha~ It was nice!!!!
I was fascinated by that attraction and took the ship, Navi!
This thing is called the romance of a guy. Hoo hoo~
Well... His cuticle seems to have gone bad a bit with his village chief duty, since he settled in Malangdo. But his eyes are still the same.
Umm, since it is Malangdo, will it be the Malangdo chief...?!
No, though it will be funny...
Malangdo village... umm... this... this is also not......
Well, this stuff is not that important.
Although there are many differences between admiral and village chief for sure, it feels like it won't be without Admiral Tomas anyhow.
All would think the same, not just me.
He's having a hard time thanks to this.
Ummm... Who are you?
Don't you think it's too early to come here?
Samuel!
Are you coming to an end there?
Yes, Admiral!
Moved all 3 thousand boxes, including the one I just received, to the storage. The next boxes are expected to be delivered in 5 hours!
How many times should I tell you to call me Village Chief, not Admiral!
Sorry! Village Chief!
I will correct myself!
Hmm, hmm!
Get them sorted out and arrange them over there. Before the next boxes are here you must finish the work there!
Sea cucumbers, sea squirts, sea anemones to the right! Seaweed and kelp downstairs, and send anchovies and drums to the gathering place. Let the rest stack assortatively in the corner!
Yes! Village Chief!
Seaweed, Sea cucumbers, sea squirts, sea anemones to the right! Seaweed and glasses downstairs! Send anchovies and drums to the gathering place! Let the rest stack assortatively in the corner!
It it not.
Sea cucumbers, sea squirts, sea anemones to the right. Seaweed and kelp downstairs. Anchovies and drums to the gathering place. Let the rest stack assortatively in the corner.
Yes!!
Huuu...
It doesn't seem to end.
There are still piles of paperwork to do... I will be in trouble unless I finish them up before the next boxes arrive.
So, the amount of the next boxes is 1300....
And the next, the 700 boxes downstairs to load up the ship...
Try to talk to him.
Stop since he seems busy.
Hmm, who are you?
You are not familiar. Sorry, but will you come again if it is not that urgent?
It's my first time to Malangdo.
Another cat told me to come over here.
I will come around again later.
...So I told you your face was not familiar.
Hmm... Sorry, but as I told you before, would you talk to the other cats if it's not that urgent, since I have plenty of work left undone and no time to talk with you.
...Anyway all are always good to leave me with the work.
Pitiless ones...
Umm... Having said that, would you talk to the other cats if it's not that urgent, since I got plenty of work to do left undone and no time to talk with you?
Sorry for that.
Please come back to me again, though I don't know when I could be free.
These days I feel I'm pressed with work, although it's good to trust and rely on me as a village chief...
It is too much, since they send all visitors to me.
You're just in time. Go to the ^0000FFregular meeting^000000 being held now.
The meeting place is ^0000FFat the end of the corridor^000000.
Please come back to me again though I don't know when I could be free.
So, the next 1000 boxes to move to the upper side...
400 boxes to give out as supplies....
And also...
Admiral!
Sea bass, sea jelly, sea sponge are well arranged on the right!
Seaweed and kiwi downstairs! Anchovies and cod to the gathering place! Let the rest stack assortatively in the corner?
You!!
How many times did I tell you! Mew~
Huh?!
Huh?! If you really want to put Sea bass to the right that much, let yourself stand there all day long! Mew~
I'm busy enough without you. You're getting on my nerves! Mew~
What about getting on the ship over there? Mew!
Ooops!!!
Hmm, hmm...
Well... what are you still doing here?
Go to the regular meeting being held now at the end of the corridor.
Ahem....
How is the meeting going on?
It's been a long time since I visited, since I'm busy... Tsk...
Hoh!
There have been such issues!
I felt uneasy since I couldn't take care of you, being so busy.
You already got used to Malangdo well enough by yourself.
Then, as village chief and the admiral of the cat association, I'd like you to get along with me as well!
Ha ha ha!
How are you doing?
Come to me if anything difficult happens.
Please be silent, the regular meeting is getting started a moment later~
Wow~ wow~ Now we're having an incredible sale... well, no, but a meeting.
Please be silent.
Today's main agenda is as always ^ff99ccStar Candy^000000.
Though I have traveled through numerous areas by now, it's my first time hearing ^0000FFsuch a difficult language to learn^000000.
What she cannot communicate with at all is becoming a highly growing issue.
Please speak if there's any opinion on the next agenda.
Umm... Yes. Then, please say first, ^6666ccScottfold^000000.
Umm... Yes. Please speak first, ^6666ccScottfold^000000.
Please speak, Koon.... next.
There will be a presentation by Dr. Devore on his study continuously.
Please speak next, Dr. Mali.
Brie!! I understand the situation, but please be calm and tell us, since it is a meeting after all.
Well, let's have a break for a while now.
In time, Samuel brought Seaweed and tuna here.
Huew... It gets you so tired to conduct a meeting.
I used to be called a tireless merchant who ranked 1st in sales...
I feel really sick sometimes when the meeting is prolonged.
Attending the meeting is an important thing to do.
It is absolutely right that all responsible cats should attend.
The meeting is starting soon.
So, shh~~
Yes, honorable president.
As for the communication with Star Candy, we have Biscuit, don't we?
Of course, though she is always with ^0000FFBiscuit, who speaks the official language a bit^000000, it seems to be difficult to have a conversation in depth.
Besides, Star Candy is in a very important position that our Malangdo's existance depends upon. Many others think it's necessary to talk about our future direction directly.
Then for the next... yes, Koon please speak now.
Let's quietly listen to the other's presentation.
...Though I say so, I also feel like saying something, somehow.
So, I always put my hand up first!
Though I'm busy, I always attend this meeting.
I'd like this to be held at times that don't disturb my work.
I expect what comes up today.
Scottfold is the one who participates enthusiastically.
They say that he'll be the next president of this meeting.
Then, how's the study of Dr. Devore going?
The language of Starfish is not undertandable even for the linguist, Dr. Devore...
President! As for that matter, I'd like to speak for myself about the study.
Yes. Carry on please.
I hope the study of Dr. Devore comes out soon.
I am very interested in the language as well!
Most of our cats are especially talented in language.
This has a great effect on the prosperity of our merchants.
Because... it means you can do business in more areas if you know more foreign languages.
Hello everyone.
I am a linguist, Dr. Devore, in charge of the study on the Starfish language.
Let me say the definite conclusion first. Since ^0000FFthe study on the Starfish language^000000 started from the time we settled in Malangdo, there's been no remarkable outcome yet.
Of course it is possible to talk with ^6666ccBiscuit^000000 somehow, but this is not close to the result we expected to solve the situation.
Then, how's the study on the book we found last time?
This book we assumed to be written in the Starfish language. But when I asked Biscuit, it turns out that it's a textbook to learn the Starfish language...
Isn't it very helpful for studying the Starfish language, then?
I surely thought that, but when I tried the conversation as it teaches, we ended up finding they couldn't understand it at all.
If you see the words on the first page of this book, there's a sentence seeming like short conversation.
It's like this, for the question, ¬¬¬Ñ¬Ü ¬ã¬Ú?, it says, ¬¡¬Ù ¬ã¬ì¬Þ ¬Õ¬à¬Ò¬â¬Ö, ¬Ò¬Ý¬Ñ¬Ô¬à¬Õ¬Ñ¬â¬ñ. ¬¡ ¬£¬Ú¬Ö?
Though I tried talking to Biscuit like this, there was no feedback.
After that, as for this book, the existence of the book itself has been studied on the other side.
Ok, we listened well to what Dr. Devore said.
Then, let's wrap up the progress of the language study, and listen to Geologist, Dr. Mali.
Hoo...
The Starfish language is the hardest matter in my studying life.
I should solve the puzzling Starfish language soon.
I'm ashamed to see you all like this as a result.
Right...
This language world is so beautiful and mysterious.
There are mysteries like why the same beings use totally different languages, or why very far kinds use similar languages.
I joined this group because I thought that traveling all around the world was much more helpful to study, not just reading a book at a desk.
But this Starfish is just mysterious.
I cannot understand it at all.
I am rather doubtful to say it's actual 'language'.
I have no clue, though I study it in various ways.
Biscuit got used to our language, rather, and short talk is possible, but we cannot say it is conversation yet.
I feel frustrated and more to study like this, but it should be solved to deal with the other matters.
I don't see what's wrong here!
Myself, who used to be called a master of language!
I've never expected to come across this untouchable stuff!
Wooaaa wooaaa ahhh!!!!
Why are they here and what do they want!
I'd be good enough if I could just know it!
What?! What did you say?!
Fluently said!
How come!
I can't believe it unless I see it with my own eyes.
It's not right if he spoke only to me like that, isn't it?
Let's go and hear it together!!
The study by this time was just making a totally wrong guess!
But before you're disappointed, I'd rather be happy enough to get the answer.
Once we get the answer, it's only a matter of time before understanding the Starfish language.
Is it true?!
Did Biscuit say so?!
I feel so grateful.
I have to meet Biscuit right now and say thank you.
It'd be possible to express my grateful mind, though we cannot understand each other.
Ah, and I really want to tell this happy news to our chief, Tomas.
Please!!
Ah, ah!!
The study on Starfish is going well.
Malangdo is named because the ground here is so soft, mew~
It gets hard when you touch it, mew~
Mali, mew~
As you all know, there are many places with cracks in the ground, mew~
It's not that serious or risky a problem yet, mew~
As we cannot predict when Star Candy will move, it's best to repair these first for now, mew~
But, as always, there is a shortage of labor, mew~
We need many more participants, I think, mew~
As everyone has their own work to do, I understand that we all must be busy. But I'd like to participate in this repairing, since it's related to our life.
Wait!
It's not something to be done only with instant repairs!
My father was seriously injured from the earthquake some time ago!
Mr. Brie!! I understand what your situation is, but please clam dowm, since we're having a meeting.
You attended to the meeting instead of your father today, Brie.
He's quite unfriendly but devoted to his parents, mew~
Mr. Brie was not a member of our group at first, but he joined in after getting the news that his father, Rican, joined in with the new trade course development, mew~
But Brie seems to have been shocked when Rican was hurt last time, mew~
I should study more to not let this kind of thing happen again, mew~
Malangdo is a really special island, mew~
Literally, it's soft.
Although I visited so many places following the group, I've never seen ground as soft as Malangdo.
If you press the ground by mistake...
it has magic so that you end up continously doing it over and over.
Soft and sticky feeling like this...
Haha~ it gets you addicted to it...
Oops!!
I was about to be sunk into this softness, mew~!!!
Though it's got the risk of making you lose your mind, it helped the ship Navi not to break, mew~
By the way, it doesn't have a special element in it, but is made up of common soil, mew~
Moreover!!
How come it's been ^0000FFcracked with this softness^000000, mew~!
If this ^0000FFcrack goes on, the underground support may collapse^000000, mew...
There are many forces in for the repairing of the cracks, it feels like it's not enough, mew~
So we receive applications for voluntary service, mew~
Though it's voluntary service, it's not free. So, please visit me at any time you want, mew~
Help repairing.
Finish the talk.
Khhh!!!
What a beatiful young person in this hard world!!!
Whenever I come across a person like you, I feel this life is still good to live, mew~
Please listen to ^6666ccmy assistant, Bob^000000 in detail, mew~
Get out of here and visit the ^6666cca room on your right^000000, mew~
Woohoohoo.
I~will~be~waiting~for~you~~
Is the repairing of the cracks going well, mew?
Don't overdo yourself, mew~
It'd be bad if your health gets worse, mew~
Ah! Bob complimented you so much on your great job, mew~
Please help us next time again when you can, mew~
I made this, since the Starfish study was well finished and you didn't need to do such hard work like this!
Sob sob!!!
Ohhh! What are you talking about Dr. Devore, mew~!!!!
I don't think that way at~~all, mew~!!!
Everyone knows how you, Dr. Devore, are studying hard, mew~!!!
You do your best, so be more confident, mew~!
Please listen to ^6666ccmy assistant, Bob^000000 in detail, mew~.
There is a lot more repairing left to do for today!
It doesn't seem to be an easy thing to solve, mew~
I will help.
I will stop.
Then please take a rest, mew~
I will see you next chance then, mew~
You bow-wow! bow! wow! I mew! mew! mew!
I'm into juice from delicious fish, mew~
Ah ahhh!!!!!!!!!!!
Are you here for voluntary service?!
Ummm... be lightened with your mind and body when doing voluntary service!
You seem to have too much stuff, so get yourself lightened~
You seem to have a lot of heavy stuff, so get yourself lightened~
Yes.
No.
Khhh...
Impressed!!!
I am impressed!!!
The impressive mind is dancing in my heart!!!
I treated the people like I looked down on them and had a prejudice against human beings!!!
I feel like crying with scales!!!!
Impression Pegasus Hurricane!!!
Stop it! Tell me how to repair the cracks.
Ah!
Hooo...
I was so impressed that I was rude to someone I met for the first time.
Repairing the cracks is rather simple.
Anyone can do it easily with just this ^0000FFFix Kit^000000!
Fill in the part with this mixture of gray and white clay, and fix the cracks with a stapler.
And I'll skip explaining how to use the other tools, since you know already.
Ah, right...
^0000ffYou may fall into the gap of the crack, unfortunately, so please watch out.^000000
I see...
Disappointed...
Hoohoot shh shh~
 - Notice !! -
 - Since you have too many items - 
 - you cannot get the item. - 
 - Let your body lighten - 
 - and try this again. - 
 - Since your items are too heavy - 
Khhh~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
That was perfect!
The adhesive filled in just right!!
The perfect stapler job!!
The speechless and marvelous finishing skill!!
Impressed!
Mysterious!
Shocked!
You did a great job indeed!!!
I will tell Dr. Mali!
- To repair the crack -
- you need a Fix Kit. -
- Ground is a bit cracked. -
- Used a stapler. -
- With the crack opening -
- at the center, -
- the ground gets soft -
- and you are instantly -
- sucked into the ground. -
Repair the gap.
Use the stapler.
- Mix the two colors of -
- adhesives and put it on -
- the crack meticulously. -
- Use a plump sea squirt -
- for the cracked gap.-
- Use a slithery sea cucumber -
- Used the stapler for the crack -
- and fixed it well. -
- It seems the crack -
- is well filled. -
- Let's get back to report this. -
- Let's find -
- the other cracks. -
- I can see the crack. -
- It seems there's still -
- not enough supporters yet. -
Sorry, but I don't feel like talking with you. Please leave me alone.
Sorry, President.
Though Star Candy is supporting the ground of Malangdo,
we don't understand its purpose or reason at all.
Should we just expect not to find anything?
As Dr. Devore said, it's better to wait for the results, since he's still studying...
What would you do if Star Candy left, and you had only waited?
Malangdo may go under. I cannot just wait here like this.
But, Brie, we know there's nothing but waiting.
An enormous crack was made when Star Candy tried to make the support stand last time, as she seemed to be shocked and moved too much.
Besides, since ^0000FFStar Candy's location plays the role of pillar for this island, it seems the center would go down as you even set up pillars around her^000000, mew~
Due to the nature of this large basement space, if the center were to collapse, we can't expect what comes next. Our researchers therefore think we should treat it as carefully as we can, mew~
We know that Rican's injury may affect the trade of Yggdrasil Berry, so don't worry too much.
As for that matter, we're going to plan for it by discussing it with our chief, Tomas.
Yes...
Well, let's have a break for now.
What?!
I won't listen if you are nagging.
About Rican.
As for my father?
He's the master of Yggdrasil Berry in this island.
He can only do little things, like pushing the button of the dry machine, until his legs recover from the earthquake.
The amount of Yggdrasil Berry dramatically decreased.
I've been harvesting them instead of him, but...
Anyhow, I don't know very much about it, since I've just started this. If you want to ask about the Yggdrasil Berry, go to my house in the ^6666ccwest of Malangdo^000000.
My father will be staying there saying he's really bored today again...
Dr. Mali, please let me help to repair the cracks!
You called me more often long ago, but why do you say you can't give me the work now?
No, mew~
Brie, you have to help your father, mew~
But if this island goes down, all the fuss isn't useful at all!
It's the same as the chicken and egg situation, mew~
If we have any problems selling Yggdrasil Berry, we cannot buy the tools to repair the cracks, mew~
So, go back home and help your father, mew~
Ok, then I'll come back again if his legs have recovered.
Good.
I'll wait for you, mew~
Now as I get him back home, I'm going to find the participants, mew~
Cheers!
Hew... I think I changed from being fussy, as I felt nervous.
Now I will think of only the harvest of fussy.
Woo waa hoohoo...
Woowaa ahhh ahh ahh...
I'm impatient... to stay home like this!!
When will my legs recover, when?!
They should be better soon, so that I can work like before...
But I can hardly move.
All I can do is press the button all day long~
This is not exciting at all~
I'm not willing to do anything more and more~ Doobie dooba~
Excuse me. Is this Rican's house?
Huh?
Who are you!
I am Rican!
It's good to see you, since I'm so bored now...
Tell me what's happening right now! Now!
Ask about Yggdrasil Berry.
Yggdrasil Berry?
You... you know something!
Umm, hahaha!
Only a few cats know about Yggdrasil Berry!
Well, before I traded them with human beings like you, Yggdrasil Berry was not thought to be a very remarkable fruit.
It used to be spread out here and there in my old town. It doesn't have a good taste and causes indigestion, mew~
Cats need to eat fishes, naturally.
But if human beings eat this, it gets you fully recharged.
At first, I'd never thought it could be sold at all!
Khhh~
It was just awesome at that time...
Very long ago...
Our group left the town for a new course to trade.
Actually, we dominated the areas around our town, and it was like a challenge to find unexplored areas.
But discovering the unknown is the romance of a man, isn't it?
Well, the beginning was quite nice, anyway.
After a month or two floating on the sea...
The sea has enough fishes in it, but it made me bored. I wanted to eat seasoning, like radish with chicken the most.
Though we drifted for a very long time, we couldn't land on any island. Rather, we met storms.
It was my first time seeing such a harsh tornado.
At that time I was out of my mind and thought I would die.
I don't know the about the other ships, but this ship Navi luckily landed here in this island.
Khhh khhh!
Can you believe it?
^0000FFThat enormous ship just flied, vroom~~ like an airship and was dropped here in the middle of this island!^000000
Anyhow, I survived, but most of the goods in the ship were swept and we were left with only Yggdrasil Berry.
Huh? Why did we load them, if we don't eat them?
It... it's the secret...
Well, it's not important. As we sent reconnaissance groups there, we found out that there's a land where the other kind lives, not like us.
That was the land of you, human beings.
Regardless of the process, we found the new area to trade as we had first intended... we still have a small problem of not knowing how to get back to our howmetown yet...
We cats started selling with powerful viability.
But we had only Yggdrasil Berry, right?
We sold it with no high expectations, but could sell like hot cakes.
As rumors went, it was sold at very high prices among human beings and had a remarkable effect on them.
So we finally settled down to sell Yggdrasil Berry with growing profits.
But we are selling the dried kind, which is ^0000FFa bit different from what human being originally know, and less effective, and hard to eat raw^000000.
Since it disappears as we prepare, it's definately the best for our group.
By the way, as I got injured in this important season, it harms my credibility if I don't meet the deadline to deliver the amount ordered!
Trading is credibility!!!
For this reason, would you like to help me?
Though my son is helping me, the amount we can prepare is not enough.
I'll help him.
I won't.
Khhh!
I had a good impression of you from the first time!
Harvesting Yggdrasil Berry is very easy.
You can get it when you just dig the ground, mew~
Doesn't it originally come from the ground?
Doesn't it grow on trees?
Well, the Yggdrasil Berry in Midgard could do so.
But ^6666ccwe dig our Yggdrasil Berry here from the ground^000000.
You can get it on Malangdo Island easily. Bring me about 30.
Ah! Keep the secret to my son for sure~
Then please^ff99cc!!!^000000 please^ff99cc!!!^000000 please~~~
Oh? Then it's okay, if you can't help it.
My injured leg feels so bad... -groaning-
Oh, oh!!
This fresh smell!!!
Haaa~ How fresh, good job!
You're good at harvesting Yggdrasil Berry?
Then would you put it in the machine in front of me?
Hoo hoo~ I feel at ease thanks to your help.
I had doubted if it was too much suddenly, but it turned out just right!
By the way, no news from my son yet, as he said he went to a meeting.
I hope he's not bothering Dr. Mali again...
He seems to have visited Dr. Mali more often since my legs got injured.
The study will get longer if he does so...
If you see my son, please tell him to get back soon~
And this is for you to buy something delicious with, since you did hard work.
You need exactly 30 to get a set!
Very reliable!
Don't you want to do your business with Yggdrasil Berry?
Would you like to take a rest for a while?
It hasn't been a day yet since you last worked~
Hehe~
You came here to help me again?
You're so faithful!
I'll help.
It's the same task to do as before.
30 Yggdrasil Berry. You can easily find it in Malangdo!!
Yeah? Then play around here, since you are visiting~
Put the fruits in.
Don't.
I'll press the button by myself!!!
- The machine starts operating -
- when he presses the button. -
Ah... you won't put it in?
- Drrrk Drrrk -
Your inventory is too heavy to proceed. Come back after lightening your load.
Your inventory is too full to proceed. Come back after reducing your load.
- As I put my hand in the sand -
- a fresh smell comes out. -
- I feel like I'm touching -
- something bad. -
- Ah, ah! Feels bad... -
- Seeems suspicious. -
- But it's just sand... -
- There's something strange. -
- It feels like somehow - 
- you shouldn't make eye contact. -
Star Candy sacrifices herself like this, but those fellows are setting the pillars around her for themselves only.
Hewww!!!
They talk to her, but ignore me when I talk to her.
I don't like them at all!!!
- Unlike the words of Dr. Devore, Biscuit appears fluent in speaking. -
- I think it's better to let Dr. Devore know this soon. -
Umm?
What's this?
Do you have anything to tell me?
Well, that fellow is often the one ignoring my words.
He wavers with words to say and makes me uncomfortable.
Did you hear? Dr. Devore?
Ummm? What do you mean?
I cannot hear anything.
Huh? Biscuit said 'Well, that fellow is often the one ignoring my words. He wavers with words to say and makes me uncomfortable.'?
What? What are you taling about?
Ah?!?!?!?!?!?
Ah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If... if that's the cause!
We may have totally misunderstood!
Oh my, we couldn't have known, since we live here only with ourselves.
Each living thing has its own area for audibility and vocalization. But we and Biscuit were in slightly different areas!
In such conditions, we cannot hear any language properly!
This was a matter of sound rather than language...
Hu~hu... Despite of many years of study, we couldn't discover this reason...
It's not the time to do this!
I should change the way of studying right now.
I'll get back to the meeting and report this.
Then please take care of the next things!
Wait, Dr. Devore, what on earth is next...?
What should I do...?
Hahaha~ You are the kind who can have conversations with Biscuit. Please try to talk with him.
It'll be helpful for my study, no matter what you talk about with him.
Hey... Don't look down on me!
...What are you looking at...
Ask about Star Candy.
Ask about Biscuit.
Ask about Malangdo.
Star Candy?
Tsk tsk!
It's no go, the lowly fellows.
You shouldn've recognized the previous and mysterious feeling from Star Candy!
She's the one who's really gorgeous.
How gorgeous she is that... umm...
Just gorgeous.
She is so gorgeous... but I don't know how to explaing it...
Khummm...
That's why the kinds speaking with sound are irritating.
Speaking with sound?
The kind who got highly evolved like us talk using our minds, not sound.
As you think in your mind, it goes to the others right away, something like this?
In other places, it used to be called ultrasonic waves, or telepathy.
So we haven't needed any more explanation or flowery words...
Woo, it's bothering me so much!
Me?
I'm an assistant to Star Candy, a new star in the Starfish race with multi-faceted talents!
Ah, ah...
When I was her assistant at first, I used to be called a genius, handsome assistant, and so on...
I felt like a shining road of light had come up to me...
But if the elderly see this, they'll dry me out in the sun...
It was a life like a flame... Sob sob sob sob
This island is where the gorgeous Star Candy can take a rest.
The surface is soft and with the high moisture inside, it's the best place for Starfishes.
Now, those cats already occupied it as they wanted.
It's a problem because Star Candy is too kind...
Hey, you haven't gone back?
Get some jellies for Star Candy to eat if you have time.
Okay.
Why me?
You can get the jellies around here.
It's not that difficult, and you should come back before Star Candy's meal time!
About 30 jellies would be okay for a meal.
Why you?
I'm busy enough to assist her and the cat fellows who can't hear my voice, that's why I should ask you.
How rude...
You're not my subordinate, so I can't order you by force. But if Star Candy can't have her meal on time, you have to remember that this island will collapse completely.
...It's not a request, but a threat...
It's not enough at all~
I need at least 30 Delicious Jelly.
You got them well.
There won't be any problem to prepare her meal.
Though the jelly looks strange, it tastes good...
Star Candy seems to like it a lot as well.
Have your meal, Star Candy~
Uhhh, why don't you eat it?
You have no appetite?
Hooo.. it's natural that you have no appetite...
How come precious Star Candy supports the ground in the basement like this, and it's so dry, though it's in a subterranean cave of an island!
Moreover, the slithery thing is bothering Star Candy.
You cannot avoid the stress.
Slithery thing?
Hmm? What is such a thing like that.
The slithery thing.
With its ugly looks, it bothers Star Candy continuously.
It tries to come up to the island especially when it's storming like today. I hid here a while. Those cats came and made her bad like this.
Thanks to Star Candy, her skin is...
Woooaaappp!
What's this!!!
Her skin is!!!!
She got an abscess on her skin that used to shine like a jewel!!!!
She got in trouble with her dried skin, since she's here!
For our Starfishes, the lack of water means horrible things that lead to death!
Ah, ah! She's so kind that she sacrifices herself to save such things. Sob sob.
I can't leave to take care of her, isn't there anybody to help~
Isn't there anybody to helpppppp~
Hey, you there...
Even as I ask like this, will you just ignore me and stand there?
It's unavoidable, so I'll help.
I'll admit this is my destiny, so I'll and help.
I'll do anything I can for Star Candy.
Good attitude!
Hoo hoo~
Then please find the brush to wash her and get a basket to move water here.
Maybe they're stacked in the storage.
Oh!
You brought the tools successfully.
Now you can wash the dry skin in the counter-clockwise direction!
Right, then from her left leg...!
Now you can fetch sea water from outside.
There's a spot I remember as first rate, in the east of Malangdo.
It's not right to wash her with the water collected in this cave!
Be careful not to spill the water, as it's heavy to carry.
Ummm... It will be hard if you don't have the proper tools...
Though it doesn't matter for someone small like me.
For such enormous skin as Star Candy's, it's full of barnacles, oysters, and mussels!!!
Well done!
Now I see that her beautiful face has recovered.
The skin will go bad if you don't clean it every day.
There's a saying... cleansing your skin is much more important than using makeup.
You did a good job.
You helped me even though I asked suddenly like this...
To be honest, I thought you'd just leave.
It's a kind of reward. Say my words to Dr. Dvor... or Devore, whatever the cat's name is.
There's no need to wait until the study finishes. We can talk through you, and it's better to talk about the current situation...
This is not for you... and all of you, either. It's rather for Star Candy to get rest as soon as possible, you know!
I'll call you when I need you, so don't worry!
It's the time for Star Candy to have a meal.
Get some jellies.
I'll stop.
About 30 jellies would be ok for a meal.
What, are you talking about you let our Star Candy feel hungry?!
Star Candy is really good.
She never loses her smile, even though it's so hard to stand...
All yours. There are various cleaning tools here.
Bucket
Cleaning Brush
Stop.
You mean the Bucket!
Here we go~
Please give the cleaning tool back to any merchant.
Thanks for coming~
You mean the Cleaning Brush!
- To get water -
- you need a ^0000FFBucket^000000. -
- The water seems so pure. -
Get water.
- The bucket gets remarkably -
- heavy as water fills it up. -
- Didn't get water. -
Rude! How come you talk to precious Star Candy!
You look different from the fellows that usually comes...
You also look strange, though.
You can talk!
What?
You've never seen me talking?
What's the matter with you?
Since I can talk with you, you seem better than those other foolish ones.
Though I learned to speak in their language, they don't understand.
Our precious Star Candy humbly supports them, and they treat her like this.
They don't know how to express thanks!
Support?
Anyway!
It's no use to treat them well.
They don't know how hard Star Candy is trying.
This island used to be hers, but for the short time while she avoided storms and got here, those cats were suddenly dropped on the island.
Since the ground here is so soft, Star Candy was stuck in between, and the situation is now like this.
Actually, she can get out regardless of those bad things, but she supports the ground worrying that someone will get hurt.
What a beatiful mind...
Once she moved a bit when she felt uncomfortable, and saw them in panic. She hasn't moved at all since then. I'm worried if she's not well.
An error has occurred.
- I feel sorry for the skin -
- You need -
- a cleaning brush -
- and a full bucket. -
- Poured water on -
- and brushed it hard. -
- soft and moisturized. -
Hoo hoo hoot~
That tickles.
You're a really good human being.
Since I couldn't move, it was the most difficult thing to stand.
Ah~ Feels good~
I felt itchy for so long.
Thanks so much.
- All the water -
- sank into the ground. -
I have no business for an immature fellow!
Hmmm...
You smell like cats even though you're a human being...
But... Would you like to go back to my hometown?
I'll let you go to the land of Midgard with the new skill I found!
It's not free. I'll need canned food!
Go.
Don't go.
Prices?
Where are you going without canned food...?
Rune-Midgarts
Schwarzwald Republic
Arunafeltz Kingdom
Prontera
Morocc
Alberta
Al De Baran
Payon
Geffen
Einbroch
Lighthalzen
Juno
Hugel
Rachel
Veins
Okay...
3 for Rune-Midgarts!
6 for Schwarzwald, 5 for Arunafeltz.
Schwarzwald is the nation of prohibited magic, and Arunafeltz seems to have a curse!
Wow, this is nice weather. Do you like this kind of weather, too? But I need to do my work now.
I would ask for your help, if you were a stronger advanturer...
^770099This cat is working on something, but she asks for help above level 60.^000000
Would you come here and open your bag for me?
There are many beautiful fish around here. So I feel my heart beating standing here.
I think my heart is beating faster...
How come you only know about eating! My heart doesn't only beat for food.
I've studied at a human university before and I learned to speak there so don't treat me like some animal.
I am a scholar of fish research.
It's important for cats to research fish.
How's your research going?
I was a good friend of admiral Thomas but our ship hasn't gone back to sea since we arrived here.
The shipmates seem to be pretty lonely.
A scholar from the university came here to research us and thought it was amazing to find a cat that speaks his language already.
So he's been helping me teach the others.
Is that why I understand all the cats?
Yes, exactly!
I was one of the few cats who could talk to humans before that scholar arrived.
Anyways, now I'm collecting specimens to study the monsters here. I hope you can help me.
How can I help you?
I have to decline.
Oh, okay. If you change your mind, please come again.
There is a monster called a Pouring who's eating all fish in the Octopus and Culvert dungeon.
It suddenly appeared during the winter, so could you collect the specimens of Unidentified Fish after getting rid of it?
You can get Unidentified Fish from the Pouring monsters, so please collect 30 of them.
Oh, thank you! I will take these specimens.
I want to give you something, but the last one is out of stock now so I will just write your name here.
I can give you good news even from a distance, but it's only possible if I am really lucky...
I'm sorry, but please collect 30 Unidentified Fish specimens.
Oh, you met admiral Tomas... how was it?
He looks gentle
He looks terrible
Hmm...
Frankly speaking, I was a real fan of Admiral Tomas. Can you take responsibility for your word?
Just kidding!
Oh yes, he was really terrible!
Is he?
Okay, it really depends on personal taste...
I knew you would say so.
Admiral Tomas is a legendary figure who has led all of us in voyaging to this island. I think it was the happiest moment in my life.
Please help him a lot. There are not many people to trust. This is my personal request.
And this is a small gift for looking after admiral Tomas.
^0000ffReceived 200 E Class Coins.^000000
- Can't go next step due to having too many items. -
Hmm, investigation is not enough.
We need go back to basic point.
Come again tomorrow.
I might be in pain of stomach
like usual.
Are you here to help
or to get help?
You look so weak, haha...
Go and hunt more Porings!
Will you listen my sorrow?
Sure I will.
No, I won't.
This is a sad story.
As usual, I unpacked the bag
to see strange cats
to show them.
There were lots of cans.
I thougt it was new due to different shape
but it was bad cans!
I ate too much and
got in bed right away
so I can't do anything...
And by the way, you have...
nice colthes.
I can't let you go,
that hurts me so badly!
You deserve the pain!
Need help?
Yes you are!
You know what care is.
Please find the bad provider
and revenge our enemy!
No, I don't want to!
Yes, I'll do it!
For the peace in Malangdo,
just lay in bed forever.
I will!
I will have your peace first once I get well!
Okay, you can do it?
The enemy must be near the dock
where we got the bundle.
We should get them to help
our cats' well-being!
Why are you here!
If I am usual, I will engrave something
with your tear...
Let your bag be here instead!
I am so tired due to
lack of forbidden bad activity.
Was it from raccoon that made us pain in stomach?
Oh bad raccoon!
I feel stomachache again from this anger!
All right, I will show my power once
I can get out of bed.
I need time to concentrate on my stomachache.
You can go now!
How do you know the source of bad can?
Do you have time to do slow at the moment?
The Patrol Leader wants to go back to
bad world as soon as possible.
I want you to go first to soothe him instead.
How about it?
It's troublsome, I quit.
Sure I will!
Haha, you think it is a bad word.
I want you to be one of our staffs.
Sorry, but you should go now
so that I can concentrate on my stomachache.
All right, then I will have time
to concentrate on my stomachache.
Go and have fun with the Patrol Leader!
Instead of us, you did bad behavior.
Good to hear that?
This is what teacher see best pupil?
You deserve a reward!
I need to get some more rest,
so let's investigate tomorrow!
What a time to show up!
You should come around when we're healthy.
I can't even look another cat in the eye since I'm too sick to be doin' crimes properly.
I wish I had some peppy bistmuth pills...
Meanwhile the Captain only thinks about catching the bad guys and getting revenge!
How can we follow someone so single-minded!
We are the only violent gang in Malangdo and we are very proud.
I don't feel right just lying in bed.
I saw unfamiliar cats around
the dock recently.
Are they tourists?
I should -inspect- their pockets
once I'm better...
He appears to be listening intently.
Upon hearing you approach, he pretends to be completely oblivious.
Oh the pain, oh the pain of it all...
On listening to the story for
a while, he pretends to be indifferent once hearing someone's noise.
Could it BE any smoggier today?
If you stay here, you
can hear all they're saying.
Don't know exactly what, but
you do hear everything.
Hehehe...
You hear a conversation between the Suspious Dealers.
Because unexpected robbery at that moment...
our great work has delayed.
Do not worry about the thing, I placed it near balloon bag where
Ship Navi is in the north, and I hid it perfectly.
You need to check a place near north of balloon bag in ship Navi.
You still hear a suspicious conversation.
But near the balloon bag is still
worrying so much!
Oh how cowardly you are!
I hid it in ship Navi perfectly.
Relax!
The rest of part is in staffs.
We should believe.
We need to investigate Navi first.
Let's see other guys in ship Navi.
Star candy is still healthy,
what happens?
No way...
We should get more bad cans.
There's a memo.
Here is not what we wanted, huh!
...do listen the conversation of merchant.
We quit selling them, find another merchant!
Bad cans?
Due to lots of work in here
can't have a short time to talk?
Look suspicious?
I knew all things here!
I have a same boat with you!
You searched the lounge of ship Navi?
It looks wrong place~
Go and do other things~!
You need to search lounge of ship Navi?
A thought to search Gozangee around ship Navi
is like to ride a skill
with frying pan, it is idiot things.
I do not recommend.
But still nothing in hand.
I told you there's nothing.
...there must be something...
Oh! That's ^0000FFa sack of bad cans^000000, isn't it?
Where did you get it? Amazing!
Do not pretend not to know!
Need to show them our general!
It just looks wonderful.
There's nothing more to have?
Let's have smile and fun with only ours.
To be honest, I am a member of raccoon hurray team.
A homeless community of raccoons
became a black market group.
I will make headquater of raccoon hurray team here
after kick out group of cats.
Are you the leader?
Let me clear the usage of bad can.
Can it be worked as you want?
This is thankful misunderstanding,
I am just little staff.
I don't know who the leader is.
That is...
for food...
Don't ask me more, please!
You look down out raccoon hurray team?
Look more! To my star candy who stands island
I will make them have stomachache
with lots of bad cans.
Aren't you expecting?
I can't make him eat with my hand,
to creature in shining coral area that is basic food of star candy
I am still feeding them with bad cans.
You must see amazing reaction, just wait!
The situation is serious.
Once the cats figure out,
you might be confused.
Let's withdraw the bad cans first,
located in the shining coral area.
Plese forget what I have told you.
Please...
After you got 30 pcs of bad cans
in shining coral area
do not tell the cats
or report this fact!
So you reported all things?
Now it's time to live a new life
of group for hair tufts...
I have too much pain in my stomach...
Should endure myself!
...do bad activity...
- You have too many items. -
I came to...
know a thing that shouldn't be
appeared to anyone.
Just pretend that I didn't see this.
This is...!
A sack that carrying bad cans.
Let's bring this to a guy who
is in Awfully Suspious Dealer in deck.
I saw a sack of bad cans.
located on the deck.
Be careful of distribution for
bad cans recently in here
so should be noticed.
So you are going to do bad activity instead of
group of hair tufts lying in bed?
It's gonna be exciting!
So excited...
Gobonge and his friends
liked to torment ^0000FFRed Eruma^000000 in shining
coral area more than anything.
Report to me after tormenting 20 ^0000FFRed Eruma^000000
for a while.
I will scold you as Patrol Leader!
What Patrol Leader do like this?
Cheer up!!
This is what my flavor to do this!
I will expect various bad activities.
Wow, you did to ^0000FFRed Eruma^000000 so badly!
I am impressed at your work.
Captain, we have work again, right?
Hide your tears and save your tears!
You should cry when having a clue for bad activity
at crime spot!
I will scold you once the investigation is over!
Visit Gobonge now.
Inside of starry coral area,
report to me after tormenting 20 ^0000FFRed Eruma^000000
I will scold you once the investigation
is over!
visit Gobonge now.
A work to do means happy things!
I ask you to do various bad activities!
A group of cats that
ate bad cans got
pain in stomache.
They are lying at the north
of place but still rolling with anger.
Haha... the village is becoming
peaceful and calm, but feels
somewhat empty. This is not
usual scene that we can have.
Let's see there?
What is this security code?
Go away!
Choose now, hurry!
NPC appear!
NPC walkout!
Reset setitem
30 pcs of bad cans
Just before collecting cans
Start quest for Patrol Leader
First appearance!
Walk out!
Yap!
Owing?
- You have too many items so you can't continue the quest. -
Sailor cat is crying sadly.
Meow neow meoow
What... Meow .. Something... going... Heuheung~
You don't have to know. Meow heuheuheuk... 
He does not continue to talk.
He might say like that with shaking his head.
'You are still young. That is why you don't understand my anguish and sadness...'
It is much better to do not know.
Meow meow meoooow~
What is going on... Heu... heuk...
You don't have to know. Heu... heuk...
Could not continue talk.
Cheer him up.
Ignore.
I comforted his wounded heart just standing by him.
This is unjust... Heuheuk...
The chef... He always gives me scolding.
I always clean up diligently.
I have no idea where they are from... Heuheuk...
They penetrated into the ingredients...
They?
Yes, they are fast, small, hard and shiny black.
Meow... Also, white and wriggled...
My chef is so clean.
It's ok. Clean, vermin and
whatever... the unfair thing is
that I really killed vermin as well, meow.
In addition, I clean up diligently.
By the way, they are coming over and over again.
I don't know where they are from.
Don't ask anymore.
Asking for the place of vermin came.
...what's wrong with your face?
Are you afraid of sending on an errand?
What are you thinking about me... meow, meow...?
It's not fair... meow, meow...
Poor sailor cat Cleanyang begins to cry.
Leave him alone.
Does someone will go there and check it?
Please, search everywhere of the ship Navi?
I can't live like this! Meow, meow!
There is definitely something I do not know. Meow.
Meow... I'll clean this place up. Please find something instead of me.
You leave the crying cat and move back.
Uh. What is that? Meow.
This is cat's ship biscuit... It might be left for a long time...
No way...!
Yeah, this is it.
There were infested with insects because sailors hided and left the cat's ship biscuit..
I got a scolding cause of just teeth grinder?
Meow!
Teeth Grinder?
That is right, meow.
This is stiff-baked bread for preserve easily during sailing, meow.
It is too hard, so if you just bite this, probably your canine will be broken, meow.
It is baked with just salt and flour for preserve long time that is why it does not have any taste.
More than all..... look at this.
Cleanyang breaks cat's ship biscuit with hammer and chisel
and hit on the floor. Then...
........can you see something coming out from here?
This is Weevil Bug..........
It is such a castle of insects.
Maybe someone really does not want to eat this.
These insects are left before we are settled on island and change the menu.
After settled on this island, we did not make cat's ship biscuit due to fresh ingredients.
Please show this to chef and tell him that Cleanyang really cleaned up very well.
Well... I'm still afraid of chef...
...please! Meow!
Ah, that cat's ship biscuit is still fine, so just try to eat.
Do you wonder what is that? It was a great food even though it's not look good...
Please search the ship Navi and find the place of origin.
I just believe you.
If you show cat's ship biscuit to chef and those insects were from there,
my misunderstanding will be resolved.
Why don't you go by yourself?
Um... I still have to clean up...
I'm still scared of my chef, so please.
Chef gets angry.
Just beg for mercy!
Did you say that chef was more upset about cat's ship biscuit?
From now, I don't have to crying?
If chef needs something, Just bring it for him~
Is that good for each other?
When chef is satisfied and pleased, just come at that time.
I may not able to clean up until that time because I'm nervous. Meow....
Did you finish work what chef wanted?
By the way, why do you make cat's ship biscuit suddenly?
New menu for you.
Meoooow----!!
Keemeoooow!!
Nyahuhuh... Kmeoooow!
Nooo!!!!!!!!!!!
Without cat's ship biscuit was a heaven. I don't want to go hell again!!!!
Kmeoooow... Kmeoooow... Kmeoooow~
Tickling under the chin.
Hit the end of nose.
Tap on butt.
Meoow... Koleung koleung...
Kyarreung...
Huahhuah... Golgolgol...
Eung Kya-!
Uh nyanyanyanaynyan!
What the heck are you doing!
Heu keeyangyang
Heunyang... Euhnyang-!
What are you doing!
Please stop...
Now, be calm.
I understand that chef's saying and huge plan.
Hey, human who helped me, you, you!
Could you do me favor.
If the menu will be changed and provide cat's ship biscuit, definitely they appear...
Cat the Cat!
Cats who hide cat's ship biscuit secretly.
No one says that do not want to eat and throw away because they are scare chef.
Absolutely, they begin to hide cat's ship biscuit...
And it will be infested by insects!
Chef will give a scolding again!
So let me see you everyday from provided cat's ship biscuit tomorrow.
You did good job. This is a token of thanks.
Ohohohong...
Euhohohohong...
It's horrible... I got cat's ship biscuit but I don't know when It was made.
It's really hard. I almost lost my teeth.
Chef might forget everything that he gave me a scolding cause of insects.
He got a shock by cat's ship biscuit. Is this bigger case than the clean up?
I'm a cleaning cat Cleanyang~
Meow~
Make a scratch others' door of house Meow~
Meow~ Uh? Did you hear it?
This is my cleaning song.
By the way, what is going on?
It's time to promise~
I'm here to see the result~
Shake your butt~
Uh? Not yet.
Today's cat's ship biscuit is not provided yet, so I will know that after wait little bit more.
It might be after chef's distribution of cat's ship biscuit.
My service to you today.
Recently, there are 9 spot that hided cat's ship biscuit as well.
Someone think that good angel took them all as I collected and threw away.
He still hide them that place.
It is so easy because I don't have to search everywhere, but...
Please search the 9 spot where hiding frequently.
Is there guy who hide cat's ship biscuit today?
Probably there he is?
Try to search today.
Maybe not today.
The inside of ship Navi, home and cat tower too. Don't even miss a blade of grass.
Search everywhere.
Do you think so?
If so, It's good thing.
Anyway, It is not infested of insects due to we find them and remove right away.
That's enough.
Um? Nobody request for collecting cat's ship biscuit today.
By the way, what is the result report?
Are you sick?
Um, the rising cat's ship biscuit spot!
Did you collect all fully?
I guess this is pretty enough.
Just take all finding cat's ship biscuit.
Taste is not bad and have a resilient too...
Ok today's work is enough. Please come tomorrow!
There will be tomorrow's cat's ship biscuit!
Nya hahahong~
Did you find all of them?
It is so easy because I don't have to search everywhere, but
please search the 9 spot where hiding frequently.
Meooow-!
What are you doing? Meow!
Goreureureung...
Hmhm.
Hey, don't do that.
...isn't it a crime? Meow.
Lots of junk are piled up in a corner of captain's room.
Cleanyang might not clean in a corner because it is not within his hand.
Uh? What are you doing over there?
Do not touch that!
Sorry.
I'll clean up!
We have a common interest to talk.
There is no reason to search there like you.
Please leave me alone.
Ignoring Thomas and search under the junk.
And at that time...
The place where the black shadow just passed, I don't how long been it is left.
Find a cat's ship biscuit.
I guess I searched pretty enough.
Let's tell Cleanyang that is infested of insects due to cat's ship biscuit is left long time.
It was one of reason that the insects are appeared.
It used to be habitat of insects because someone left cat's ship biscuit.
I think it's ok now due to we removed all of them.
Cleanyng might not clean in a corner because it is not within his hand.
He reached out and search under the junk.
The place where the dark shadow just passed, find a cat's ship biscuit that is hided recently.
I don't have any business here.
This is ventilation window on the floor. It is really close to Cooking table
I'm trying to ignore that but it is on my mind. What should I do?
Just look roughly.
Take a look at this.
I looked at the ventilation window well, but did not find any problem.
It looks good from the top... I took it off because it's on my mind.
I can see something the bottom of way of ventilation.
The place where the dark shadow just passed, I don't how long been it is left.
This is bed for sailors. There is too much hair and so messy.
At the corner of under the bed is does not reached hand so I'm thinking too much about that.
Raise the matress slightly.
Search under the bed.
I slightly push and raise the part that touched edge of wall.
I searched under the bed, but I didn't find any problem.
Maybe Cleanyang cleaned up. It's pretty good condition.
The bed for sailors.
Lots of cat's hair are attached.
Many weeds are growing in rest area near cat tower.
It's easily ignored, so it's on my mind.
Search through the weeds.
Search under the chair.
I decide to search the forest that out of people's eye.
From the place where Dark shadow just passed and someone hided recently.
I searched under the chair in rest area, but I didn't find any problem.
It's pretty good condition even though it's outside.
We already collected hiding cat's ship biscuit here.
Many weeds are growing under the cat tower.
It seems to be hard to clean.
The pile of sand is billowed like a grave. Should be something in there.
According to rumors, cats have a habit to bury with sand after stool...
Avoid this dirty place.
Darn it-!
Right!
It may be cat's grave... Do not touch them!
Avoid, avoid~
Close eyes and start to dig that pile of sand!
Therefore, something came out quickly from there and disappeared.
And...
Find a some chips of cat's ship biscuit.
We already collected buried cat's ship biscuit.
- Looks so strange. -
- That's it... -
Some weeds are growing under the low stairs.
It's really hard to find something fell under the stairs..
To lie flat and look under the stairs carefully.
Sometimes, someone played with pulling people's ankle under the stairs
Now, I can't see mischievous boys or any strange thing.
Out of people's hand under the stairs.
Sometimes, I look around there when I search for lost toys.
This cat tower is for playing and resting.
Dust is piled up because there is gap between the foothold and ground.
Push the thin and long rod in the gap and search something.
There are cat's bed near cat tower.
Specially, some cats love an out of the way place.
In the corner of the gap between the wall and locker that is used by cat's gamers,
I can see something there. It's really hard to find object if drop there.
The corner of gap is between locker that is used by cat's gamers and wall.
If drop kind of small toys there, never find them at all.
This cat tower is for playing and resting in Malangdo.
There is mark that shows something used to be jammed in gap of foothold in very bottom of cat tower.
When I look cats on the cat tower, It looks like a tree landen with cats...
What is going on boy?
I don't want to talk to you. Get away from me!
I'm ignored by uncomfortable cat.
May not ignored if I'm getting stronger...
I'm a unique chef in entire fleet.
Do you want something from me?
Even though I have no time to spare, I usually serve a plate of soup gladly, but now!
The ingredient is infested with worms cause of one stupid's carelessness!
Therefore, when my blaze of anger becomes quiet like a calm sea, come back again!
By the way, where is that stupid!
Show the cat's ship biscuit.
Talk about story of Cleanyang.
Hm? is this cat's ship biscuit?
Specially, I can feel the flow of time from this biscuit.
By the way, how can you have this?
He is telling the story that place where he found cat's ship biscuit and
Explain the Cleanyang's story.
Why that stupid?
Are you trying to make a thunder storm in the calm sea?!
Pacify an angry chef
Explain a misunderstanding about Cleanyang and tell whole story of cat's ship biscuit.
So this is happening because of cat buscuit?
Yes, is this story about that?
You are quick understand.
..........He is such a jerk!
In addition, What? Find another one in captain's room?!
Thomas......
He has position that should take the lead to sailors, but he got a wrong?
Ududuk.
This cat's ship biscuit was! Always thankful food to help our starvation during a long sailing!
No matter what taste, It always saves us at crossroads of life and death!
Although the situation is not able to use fire for a month, two month even 1000 days!
This is blessed food to guarantee on open sea!
How many chef cats have difficult time to make a cat's ship biscuit!
The military discipline has been relaxed because we settled down on island! Already forget the dangerous situation?!
Chef is outraged and very upset.
He mumbled and made a threatening sound with grind his teeth.
Come back later when he calms down.
There you are? I made a bad break.
I made a big decision when you are out for me.
After settled down on Island, depraved mindset cause of plentiful foods.
Therefore, I'll change the menu that cat's ship biscuit is provided for one meal a day!.
That ingredient is needed to make cat's ship biscuit.
There is no wheat on this island, so I need to get your help.
Anything is possible to grind flour and knead dough.
Please bring that kind of ^4d4dff10 Grain^000000 and ^4d4dff 1 Plain Sauce^000000.
Replace salt with seawater..
Could we get them easily on land?
I'll get the rest what I need.
I'll fix their taste that is crazy for canned food.
He approached like a calm sea that has horrible thunder storm
I'll give a pain like a god of sea's anger! Kmeow~~!!
A look of chef is quite serious.
Let me tell Cleanyang about the result first.
Chef is still trying to soothe his anger.
Maybe need more time.
Finally here. Wow, this land is pretty different.
That is enough to process.
If you are ok, I want to get these food everyday.
If you don't mind, just come back tomorrow.
Replace salt with seawater...
There you are.
It's not mealtime... Why are you here?
What's today's work?
Food Delivery
Just bored...
Now, cat's ship biscuit is being baked in this oven.
It's all for your delivery food.
Quiet wave with a little salty and savory smell.
The food of sea is coming to make sailor's heart flutter.
I've got enough ingredients of cat's ship biscuit today.
Let me order next time.
Um? You are dull.
You already took my order list?
Just take care of them.
Here you are.
I need ingredients for cat's ship biscuit now. Fortunately, you are here at the right moment.
Could you bring some ingrediednts for cat's ship biscuit from land?
If you say so, I have one more thing to request...
I'm busy today.
Sure, what are you need?
That is sad news.
However, it's ok. Cat's ship biscuit is originally prepared food.
Anyway, today's biscuit wll be provided when the second moon is full.
So teeth grinder?
Worm castle...
Do not throw away?
What do you want to hear from me?!
Kmeow!!
The hardness of cat's ship biscuit is like a noble endurance in the sea!
Do not ignore this!!
Only idiot who does not take care of preserving says like that.
Dry enough and seal it in cool dry place. Tut-tut.
Anyway Is that all about protein?
Why don't you eat at night if it's on your mind!
Never throw food!
When you are hit by cat's ship biscuit, you will get bruise or bleeding but
It is not that reason!!!
Do not play with food!
The ingredients of cat's ship biscuit are 10 Grain and 1 Plain Sauce as usual.
And I'd like to study food of human, so bring one of them.
My curious food is...
Just one dish is enough, so please do it together.
You have to bring the dish that made from fresh ingredients.
^ff0000I will refuse the instant food.^000000
Hey my friend, you have a bad memory.
Did you already take my order list?
Do you remember what I ask to bring?
I have no idea.
What did I say to bring?
I don't remember?
Did you get something wrong to come here?
Is that ingredients of cat's ship biscuit and the food of human?
Let me check what you brought...
Great.
This is that food!
It will be good reference. Well done.
Alright, could you come tomorrow?
When the time to you coming, I'm very excited.
Nyahuh Nyahuh
Yummm...
Did I overestimate your ability?
Double check what is short and bring them properly.
There is not different from undiscerning young cat.
You are quite bold like a killer whale.
If you don't have any business, don't touch vegetable and go away.
- You have too many items to proceed in this quest. -
Seems like a visitor.
How does this island look?
It is hard to believe, but this ground is very soft, so we named this island Malangdo.
If you were a more professional adventurer, I'd ask you one thing...
Well, I won't do it.
Hey there.
I am Rato, do you have a moment?
Yeah, sure I do.
I'm sorry, but I'm busy right now.
Well, nothing special, but could you do me a favor?
Did you see the kids gathered on your way here?
Kids?
Yes yes, baby kids.
They are the youngest kids among the merchants and crews.
They feel anxious that they might not be able to go back home.
And they are getting bored of living on this small island.
They already tasted sea and adventure...
They used to play with making things, but seem tired of that also...
If it's okay, would you play with them for a while?
Uh, sure...
I don't have enough time for that.
Oh, thank you!
Then, where are they?
Maybe near Beginning Compass...?
They are so active that I am not sure where they are now.
Oh, really?
It's okay even though you cannot do this right now.
If you meet them, please spend time with them.
The youngest one is Charo, with gold fur.
Roku has black fur, and Rosy has white fur.
Please take care of them.
I am sorry for disturbing you.
We can look forward to the moment we can go back home if these children grow up nicely.
For that reason, please take care of them.
Do kids disturb you too much?
What... adventurer group? Did you play with toys from the adventurer group?
I really worried about them the first time we were shipwrecked to this island...
They thought the first voyage was huge adventure...
They look excited, like they got a fever.
It seems like yesterday that I made toys for them and soothed them...
Rato seems to be in brown study.
You didn't bring the pieces of the painting.
Please take it with you.
What's going on?
It should be very hard to take care of the kids even though I asked you, isn't it?
I am sorry, I should take care of them...
You hand Rato a piece of painting.
Oh, this is a piece of painting?
Ah!!!
Has this painting been torn up already?
Did they say this is a gift for me?
Huhhuh, a piece of painting?
HAHAHAHAHA!
Okay, I will patch up this painting by myself.
They are still the same.
I think I should worry about myself first...
It's very kind of you to play with the kids.
This is for you.
I owe you a big favor!
Let's drink today!
Miaow~
Hey, how's it going? If you have time please look at it.
Look at a picture.
Don't look at a picture.
Yes, they drew this picture full of happiness.
Appreciate the picture in the frame.
Why don't you look at such a nice picture?
I'm disapointed.
There are cats who seem younger than the other crew.
They are having a serious conversation about the weird machine in front of them.
They look like the kids that Rato told me about.
Just watch them without a word.
Busy right now.
You try to listen to the conversation without disturbing them.
When will it be fixed? When it will be done?
Isn't this the last one?
Um... you don't even get tried of it?
Anyway, we are in trouble.
The glass bead is broken.
Don't we have an extra glass bead?
No, we don't have any.
We can't fix this without it, right?
The cats look your way at the same time.
I have a spare Glass Bead!
Why are you guys staring at me?
There is no glass bead.
Don't lie to us.
Really? Oh, really?
It's a bead! And a shining glass bead as well!
Hmm. This is enough to replace it.
Like this...
And then here, this?
Done.
Exciting!!!
Okay, adventurer! We'll give you the right to use this machine!
Try this whenever you want to!!
Advanturer! This is a delicious can.
You can get whatever you want with cans in this island. It is tradable.
Rosy, Roku and I collected them.
And adventurer!
If you were a real adventurer,
you would clear all Nyadventures
made by the Meow Bravery Team!
Challenge it whenever you want to!
We are just looking at you as you stand there.
I'll come again later.
We fixed the Duruduru compass, we only need a visitor now...
Hey, do you want to be a visitor?
A visitor?
This is an adventure course made by the Meow adventure team.
Especially we have added studying course this time.
It's simple to solve, you only need to find compass in this island according to order.
I'll give it a try.
Quit.
Here is your Adventure Card.
This is the Duruduru Compass which we fixed with the glass bead you gave us.
And this is the Beginning Compass.
The game will start if you put the Adventure Card in here!
This machine is for testing essential ingredients of adventure.
Don't forget the destination for successful adventure.
And you should find a way to get to your destination as fast as possible.
You will be good, as you are a good person for giving us the glass bead.
Got Adventure Card from the yellow cat Charo.
It seems to work if I put this card in the slot in the Beginning Compass.
The game will start if you scratch Adventure Card to the Beginning Compass!
The Beginning Compass will let you know where you should go.
^4d4dffIf you go through all the compasses, you will see Meowbell from the ship Navi at last!
Ring the New bell!^000000
Ah... you are not going to do it...
Um...
Sob~
Hey, adventurer. Don't make kids cry!
Oh? Isn't this failed stamp from Bubi?
I'm really disappointed.
Try again~ you can make it!
Where is your Adventure Card?
You should bring it with you.
You can't be serious that you threw it away with your other trash!!
I heard it!
I heard sound of Meowbell!
You are great!
The next will be a big case!
The next?
You are member of the Meow Bravery Team while you have the card with you.
We need an adventurer like you anyways, since this is a big case.
It's for the cuff.
It seems a bomb is planted in this island.
The detective has went for this case already.
You should go there too!
Why do I have to go there?
What an adventure! I'll take it!
This is a big case!
And this island could explode!
Oh, you might shut your eyes to the fact.
Give the Adventure Card back!
You have great capabilities as an adventurer!
Please help detective and his friend who got in trouble and also save this island!
But be sure this should be done undercover!
Therefore you need to take this certification.
It shouldn't happen that the detective misunderstands you as an enemy!
- Changed Adventure Card A into Adventure Card B. -
The great detective and his friend will be around the ship Navi.
Do you feel a disposition to help the detective and his friend?
Don't you?
Yes I do.
No I don't.
The great detective and his friend will be acound ship Navi.
Oh my god, the great detective and the ship Navi...
I have been waiting for you...~
Oh, I am short of breath from coming here in a hurry.
Hmph... Meow...
Don't you have anything to show me?
Let me see it quickly!
Take it out!
What? You don't have it?
It can't be true.
Surely you took this with you...
How come it happened?
This painting is very important for us.
Please give it back to us.
Yes, this is it!
This is our...
But, how do we put the broken pieces together?
We need a board and glue as well to put it together.
That's too troublesome to just give it away!
Rato, looks like he is happy.
He will understand.
Really...?
There is no Meow team and us without Rato.
I feel a little bad to give only pieces of painting but...
We have no other way!
Rato treated this by himself!
No, it's better to ask Rato to put this back together.
Good idea.
That's really a good idea.
I was getting tired of it.
You are a member of the Meow Bravery Team.
Please give these pieces of painting to Rato.
And tell him to treat it preciously as our treasure...
We couldn't make the Bravery Team without Rato.
Please.
Tell him we didn't forget our home island.
Please give this pating to Rato.
We drawed this painting to show Rato.
Here you are! Our emeritus member of the new Bravery Team!
Where did you go for adventure today?
Are these adventure stories?!
If not, then...
You might have come here for the compass race like huge tuna from our Meow Bravery Team!!
Well, Homnya and Nyangson are too difficult for me.
I meant the book is difficult for me.
Do you know how much Rato loves the painting which you have found?
He put framed the painting on the wall!
I miss my hometown.
But Malangdo is also my hometown as well.
I am okay with us all together in here~
A young cat with white fur tries so hard with the weird machine.
The machine might be broken.
Um? The adventurer who brought us the glass bead?
I really thank you for that.
We could fix the compass with that glass bead.
Adventure Card? Will you do the Duruduru race?
It's hard to say it's fun even though we made it.
Oh, it's fun! Perfectly fun!
I have remodeled it this time!!
It will be really fun!!
Yes. It's fun, as Charo said.
Maybe.
It is.
Meow...
I feel sleepy today.
I've had sore throat these day because I talked too much...
Don't you agree with me, friend?
Oh, I didn't even realize...
Forget about it!
Doesn't this machine ever break?
A young black cat helps the busy white cat.
Maybe the machine is broken.
Oh? You are the one who gave us the glass bead.
Thanks a lot.
I am happy, too, because Charo looks happy.
Charo likes it.
It will be fun.
Charo has been waiting for so long.
To Charo...
Do you have something to tell me?
Report results of the race.
Challenge the race.
Nothing.
Bubi, no confirmation stamps and card.
You will be in trouble if you are like this.
Good job.
You are very smart.
This is a gift for you.
Please come tomorrow again.
Charo likes you so much.
He will be happy if you come.
Failed...
...is it too difficult for you?
But the race is available only once a day.
Give me one more chance!
Okay.I will try tomorrow.
Um... Um... Well...
If you bring a Malangdo Can,
I will give you one more chance.
Okay. Do you want to exchange 1 Malangdo Can for a Adventure Card?
Exchange for Adventure Card A.
Stop it.
You have it already?
Beginning Compass, start!
Okay, come again tomorrow.
You have reported the result for today already.
Right?
You are too hasty.
You didn't even finish the race.
It's still going.
The result is little weird, but...
This is neither a complete race nor incomplete race.
Is this because of the machine?
Let's make void for this race.
You have failed?
Do you want to try again?
I will delete the report of the failed result.
No, not yet.
Duruduru race is only once for a day.
If we do it more often, the machine will break.
I know that you will try the Duruduru race.
I deleted your last report.
You need a Adventure Card to challenge again.
Do you want to exchange 1 Malangdo Can for a Adventure Card?
Buy Adventure Card.
Just stop it.
There is nothing for free.
You need a Malangdo Can.
You are the weird one.
There is a strange machine.
The kids said this was the ride called Duruduru compass of the Meow Bravery Team.
An iron pot contains a map of Malangdo with a card inserter.
After inserting your card, a red button and the map inside the pot light up.
It seems to start after pressing the button.
Start it right now.
Start it later.
The card has come out with lights on the map after pressing the button.
The game has started already!
Challenge it a little later.
The destination displays with pressing the button after inserting the card.
It's above the deck in the middle of the island!
Beginning Compass among the Duruduru compass.
The Duruduru race starts from this compass.
After inserting the card and pressing the red button, the path to the destination lit up.
This is the Duruduru compass from the Meow Bravery Team.
After inserting the card and pressing the button, characters appear on the screen.
^00FF00This is a card that didn't start the game yet. Please go back to the Beginning Compass.^000000
Welcome to the exciting number world!
Enter the exact answer after reading the question!
The card slides out with a sound after entering the number.
You should run for the next destination.
You've got wrong answer!
You can not pass here without exact answer!
Enter exact answer after read question!
The compass needle turns around in the middle of map.
^FF0000You are going the wrong way! The paths in the card and compass don't line up!^000000
There is a fancy bell which doesn't fit in with the ship.
This bell is used in a game by the Meow Bravery Team.
There is a one more little bell beside the huge notice bell in the deck.
This is the Meowbell from the Meow Bravery Team.
This is last bell to ring if you have the card for the game.
Nothing to say for now.
This is the Meowbell.
You insert your card into the middle slot.
Knock Meowbell!!
Oh, I'm suprised.
You rang the Meowbell in a short time.
I think you have the talent to be an adventurer.
People say...
The purpose of this Duruduru game
is to find and go to a destination quickly and accurately.
Go to Charo with that Adventure Card.
I will give you a confirmation stamp for success.
Oh, you've really gotten used to it.
You succeeded again.
I've put my paw stamp here.
Run to Rato now.
-- Beep --
The card has out with a warning sound.
You didn't ring the Meowbell within time.
Well, it's out of my hands now.
I will give you the fail stamp!!
Hey, human adventurer, what are you here for?
Yeah~ this is a beautiful view.
Are you one of the people who came here to ring the Meowbell?
I am not a member of the Meow Team, but I can give you the confirmation stamp.
Um, my work?
Oh, that is only for when I am not on a voyage.
I am free these days.
Um? What is the matter?
Hey, here is a suspicious guy.
I can surely tell he is drunk by the smell of liquid.
I am so sad that I can not.
Oh, I am so sorry to hear that you have such genius analytical skills!
He is not drunk...
Drunks always smell of liquid.
But he is not, therefore he is not drunk, friend.
Then what is your identity?
Well... You are everything except drunk!!!
The voice of the cats sounded shaky.
What did I say?
Didn't I tell you that someone will come here soon?
I can only admire your deduction.
Haha, Nyangson, this is nothing for me.
Before that, let's listen to the stories from the visitor first.
Charo? Rosy?
Are you guys detectives?
No... Who are they?
Nyangson, do you know them?
I... I don't know either?
I don't know Charo and Rosy!
Yes. Yes.
We are the detective and friend!
Yes, I am the detective, Homnya.
And this is my friend, Nyangson. He reports my cases.
Anyways, that's not important for now!
We should focus on current situation.
Yes, that's right, friend.
We think........
Yes! This is a bomb for sure!
I am so sorry, I have only analytical and detective skills but don't have the skill to dispose of a bomb!
What do you mean by that?
It doesn't make any sense!
Yes, we shout when it changed from the peak of hope into the peak of sorrow.
Peak!
I don't get the meaning of this, but they seem to be in hurry.
Continue to humor them.
Stop playing around.
Oh, if you give us a hand, I will take it. How do you think about it, friend?
I don't really care about it. What I want to do is only to report this case.
One of the cases will be open to the public among the most strange and weird cases ever.
I knew this visitor had the skill to dispose of a bomb.
He is totally prepared to escape from danger.
Oh, I heard of it. I heard they use fly wings and butterfly wings as well.
I've never thought I could meet a person who used these thing for real.
Yes, I believe this visitor will solve our mystery.
Then please stop this damn machine!
Yes, the damn machine!
It is loud and useless!
And it will be blown up.
Well, stop this machine!!!
Please don't...
Please act according to the script.
Charo. Where is the script?
No, Homnya. My friend...
Two young cats are sweating a lot.
Stop this noisy machine!
This is the moment that your memory can be coming through!
This is the sort of training where you dispose of and breach all the traps.
Yes, this is.
It was a scary moment.
This machine is still fine anyways!
Stop it again.
Yes, you need Adventure Card B to operate this machine.
Do you want to buy a new one?
It costs one Malangdo Can.
Do not buy.
I said I can exchange Adventure Card with one Malango Can~
See, this is a scary machine.
Stop this machine this time.
But you came here to buy a Adventure Card.
If you buy a Adventure Card there won't be any bloodshed...
Hey, there is good news for you.
I received pretty good news while you struggled with that machine.
Hello, capable friend, what did you find?
Is this something like hidden treasure?
Hidden treasure?
Very similar!
It will be hidden in serveral places inside the cabin.
You should find them!
I feel tired of it now.
Oh, yes!
If you feel tired then it's okay.
Please come again, if you want.
Please come again~.
I knew you would do this!
I have the right eye for people.
The place is inside of the ship Navi.
It will be fine because it isn't really a large place.
I look forward to your active work!
Please find the pieces of the treasure.
The treasure is hidden inside of the ship Navi according to our information.
Come here right after you find treasure!
You've found all the treasure.
Yes, exactly.
You might thought this painting was just a normal painting.
But...!
If we do this...!
Oh, this is....... the one from that moment...
This is the one when we left our hometown.
It's time to give it back to the brave new team!
Let's give it back!
Charo and Rosy who make up as Homnya and Nyangson
checked the pieces of painting and give it back again.
They look excited.
Please give it back to the Meow Bravery Team~
For everyone~ Meow~
These are real treasures!
Well? It's strange. There should be 6 pieces of treasure.
It's missing pieces...
Is this fake? I will throw it out!
Go get the treasure again!
Please give these treasures you've found to the Meow Bravery Team.
You will know how precious these treasures are when you give these to them~
Yes, you will realize.
It's good to take a break for little bit but now we don't have any spare time.
Insert your Adventure Card, and take a look at the reaction of the machine carefully. Then do the proper action!
That's right~
Hey Nyangson.
Here comes the hero.
He seems to be here for fixing this naughty machine.
I always admire your keen insight.
He looks like that for sure.
Then he will buy Adventure Card with Malangdo Can?
You are getting better
I always keep eyes on your keen insight.
You are my true friend.
How's the condition of Bang?
Ignore it.
it's so motivated but it's not the time yet.
Not yet even though naughty machine is noisy.
Please come again.
We also have break time.....
Can you hear how noisy this one is?
It sounds like a runaway foal!
He needs an Adventure Card to stop it.
Well, do you want to try?
Buy Adventure Card B.
Don't buy it.
How many Malangdo Cans for an Adventure Card?
Only one can, dear.
Yes, please try it without blowing it up.
Solve it fast!
Please do it.
Ah... Hey... You can't do that!
Hey, don't go!
Please stop this, Nyangson!
This and that one are all noisy!
Please!
The two young cats are sweating a lot.
I am a friend of Detective Homnya, Nyangson.
Please ask Homnya if you have questions.
Yes, he only goes 'yes, my friend' beside me!
Ask me!
It has a Red, Blue, Yellow, and Green luminous body with buttons to react,
while spinning with noisy sounds.
It looks more unstable as it spins faster.
It's so motivated, but it's not time yet.
Not yet, even though the machine is so noisy.
We also have break time...
You can't try this without Adventure Card B.
Please bring it with you.
Stop this machine by inserting the card into it!
Go ahead!
Insert card.
Um? You aren't going to do this?
Really?
Even though this machine can blow up the whole island?!
Does he know it's never going to blow up?
After inserting the card, discs on top of the machine spin faster...
The lights begin to flicker faster too.
Oh, great!
The banging has stopped!
You have a good memory!
Please take this small gift.
You can get it after you have been through all the difficulties from the Meow Advanture Team.
And we are not sure if this machine will try to blow up agian, so please come again tomorrow.
Then I am looking forward to tomorrow!
Luminous
The order of buttons are:
And below this, more buttons:
In that order.
Shines according to this order.
The buttons below are shining now.
Stop the machine by pressing the right button within time.
Red
Blue
Yellow
Green
The speed of spinning is getting faster after pressing the buttons.
After all...
Watch out!!!
It's blowing up!
Adventure Card B burned off
with a huge explosion.
The speed of the spinning discs gets slower after pressing the buttons.
The luminous shines once and stops also.
Don't reduce your tension!
It's not over yet!
The machine starts again.
And the luminous shines also, as if it keeps asking you for the right answer.
You found a piece of the painting.
It looks like you can put these pieces of paintings together.
If I found all the pieces, I should go back to Homnya.
I think this is the treasure Homnya and Nyangson mentioned.
Let's find more pieces.
What are you doing here?!
Don't touch that box any more!
There will be more bugs if you keep hiding snacks in there!
Get out!
A box in the corner of the cabin.
This is a box which used to contain a piece of the painting.
Ah, do not touch it!
Why do you keep messing it up after I clean up the room?!
The books are organized according to order on the bookshelf.
This is a book which used to contain a piece of the painting.
What are you doing here?
Do not disturb me, and go away.
It's dirty and smells like fish.
There are a lot of furs from cats.
This is dirty bed where a piece of the painting was hidden.
There is a seashell decoration on a clean display cupboard.
This is the seashell where a piece of the painting was hidden.
Is that you who scratched all the pillars in here?!
Meow~~~~!!
Get off from that pillar!
I can see the trace of a scratch.
Pillars made from trees are originally good to hang, but scratched by nails.
I can see the crack where a piece of the painting was hidden.
There are windows for ventilation on the floor.
A cold wind comes from these windows.
Why are ventilation windows set up on the floor?
A piece of the painting was hung in there.
Please clean up your stuff by yourself.
Especially you guys getting dirty after we came to this island!
Please throw the trash into the trash can.
And you plucked every crop.
Hmph. Please, let's leave it in its natural state.
What are you looking at?
Will you mess up here too?
Meow?!
I try to be nice these days, and kids just take liberties with me.
Will you too?
They just come in and out, even the other person's room...
It causes harm for sure.
Do not run in the hall!
My fur falls out because of someone who
scratches everywhere!
A gentle looking cat is whispering to himself.
Hello... Mr. Cat...
The cat takes a glance at you and goes back to his whispering as if he didn't even see you.
It seems you are not being considered worth talking to.
Man! 10 losses in a row...
We are the 'Cat Gamers' Association.
But, we still keep on losing and we have no idea why!
We've got to find out the reason for this losing streak.
You are getting interested in the cat's story. Let's hear more.
The reason, yes!
This can be one of them.
^DD2234Giving up so many points!^000000
That's right. No matter how much you score,
we will still lose if we give up so many points.
For the other reason. Hmm!
This could be related with the previous reason.
No ^DD2234aggresive point betting^000000 at all.
Other teams bet on games that they think will win, and bet low when they are not confident.
I guess we didn't know that.
Hmm, can this be a reason?
For some reason there were ^DD2234players disappearing right before the match up^000000 and I guess this could have effected our game spirit.
Hmm... So the reason of our losing streak will be,
giving up too many points;
aggressive point betting;
and players disappearing?
It seems like the gentle looking cat has finished thinking. Let's interrupt the conversion.
Now that I know the reason,
there should be a solution to that.
Umm... Mr. Cat...
Who's there? Human? You are a human?
Oh! Yes! Right!
I remember hearing that
humans have started passing through here recently.
So good to see you!!
What is your name by the way?
How may I help you?
Actually I wanted to help you out since I heard that you've lost 10 games in a row...
Well, you didn't really have to point it out like that...
A weakness is no longer a weakness when you say it out loud.
Hahahaha I like that phrase.
I should remember it and
tell it to my kids. Heh~
Guess I was wrong about you~
How can a person call themself stupid.
Now I can see how stupid you are.
Good bye~
Let me ask you a favor.
Please meet the hard working Manager Cat and ask about our team's attitude these days.
The Manager Cat must be around here somewhere~
Please meet the hard working
Manager Cat, and ask about our team's attitude these days.
Ok Ok. So what did the manager cat say about the atmosphere these days?~
You tell him exactly what the Manager Cat said.
The manager cat said...
Do not hesitate... Just tell me everything~
Umm... the player cats are afraid of you...
What... What did you say?
Cat Gamers Director seems to be in shock. Let's give him some time to calm down.
That is impossible!
There is no other cat that's nicer than I am!
Am I really that scary?
Are those players who bailed on the practice afraid of me too?
It can't be, right? ehehehehe~
- He laughs nervously. -
Is that the truth?
There are 4 players who ran away from practice saying they were too tired.
Could you check if they ran away because of me? ehehehe~
Their names are Eryu, Stew, Ketchup, and Eff.
They've got to be somewhere around here.
Please find them all~
But, don't ask too directly! Ok?
Just ask them gentle questions~
Ok? Be! Gentle!
Heh~ It seems some humans are scamming cats around this town.
What good is it to scam innocent cats?~
Yes, I think that you're right.
Oh, so you met Eryu, Stew, Ketchup, and Eff.
It is so good to see you again. Heh~
Thank you very much for your effort~. Heh~
So what did they say?
They really think I am scary?
You tell the Cat Gamers Director what Eryu, Stew, Ketchup, and Eff said.
They think you push them too much through the practices. So they are scared.
What? Really?
The Cat Gamers Director seems to be shocked once again. Better give him more time to calm down.
Cat Gamers Director seems to be in shock once again. Better give more time to calm down.
Ok, I understand.
I was a scary cat after all.
This can't be right!! Heh~
I need to change my scary cat image. Heh~
This is my mission now,
so our team can improve
game performance. Heh~
Please go meet our manager cat,
and find out how can I change
this scary cat image of mine. Heh~
Please ask our manager cat how can I change this scary cat image.
Heh~
Heh~ Please help me out,
You came back!! Heh~
So, what did our manager cat say?
Manager cat asked to prepare a box.
A box? Heh~ Sure, why not?
Are you going to ask me what is it for?
Now I need to check with our players, see how they really feel.
Heh~ Why don't you come back tomorrow?
Heh~ Let me decide what to do after checking their honest petition letters. Heh~
Still receiving petition letters. Heh~
I wonder what they really want to say~ Heh~
Heh~ All done with collecting petition letters~
Heh~ Let's see what they wrote here?
Reading...~
Heh~ Let me see... 'Stupid Cat lea...de...'
- Crumpling the paper -
Cat Gamers Director has crumpled the paper and thrown it away.
Heh~ Wrong paper.
Let's read another one... Heh~
~Reading~
Heh~ Here we go.
'I don't like playing with the same team members over and over.
Please pick new team members,
or get me a practicing partner.'
Heh~ I see.
I can take this positively.
Heh~ Let's move on to another one.
'We need more snacks~ Get us some more snacks~'
Heh~ This one also sounds productive.
Heh~ Petition letters are good, I guess... Heh~
'Elders are bullying me. Help me...'
Heh~ Our team is absolutely
like a family here~ Someone is
playing here, you know. Heh~
Heh~ There are only 4 letters!
Including a prank one...
Everyone seems to have a satisfied team life~ Heh~
Not... Really...
There are tons of letters piled in the back of the box, but Cat Gamers Director doesn't want to admit the problem.
Nothing! Please carry on.
Heh~ Because of what these players want,
What is it?
Will you be our players' practicing partner?
No thanks, buddy!
Ok, I'll do it!
Heh~ Are you rejecting me? Heh~
I'm sad. Sad~ Heh~
But still, here's some coins for you~
Heh~ Please come back if you change your mind.
Heh~ Good choice.
I knew you would help us Cat Gamers... Heh~
Heh~ Thank you for your help.
Heh~ Here are some coins as a small gift... Heh~
Get yourself some goodies. Heh~
Since you will be our team's practicing partner, please come back in an hour.
Then I will give you our '^0000FFCat Gamers Certificate^000000'.
Have you changed your mind yet?
Are you willing to be our team's practicing partner?
No, I'm just passing through.
I accept your offer.
You are always welcome to be one of our 'Cat Gamers Honorable Members'.
Heh~ At last!!
I shall make a '^0000FFCat Gamers Certificate^000000' right away. Heh~
Come back in an hour and I will get you a '^0000FFCat Gamers Certificate^000000'.
Heh~ You want to get the '^0000FFCat Gamers Certificate^000000' faster. Heh~ It's not really easy to get such a certificate easily.
So, it's a bit tricky... Heh~ Please come later. Heh~
Heh~ I got a message from the workshop that their work on the certificate is done. Heh~
This is not some ordinary certificate. Heh~
What do you mean?
Heh~ This is...
The Cat Gamers Director's eyes are shining with pride.
Heh~ The pure essence of the 'Cat Gamers' tech team's effort!!
Heh~ Equip this item, then all of your game playing records will be saved. Heh~
Heh~ Take this and show us what you've got.
Heh~ I may be worrying too much... But, please wear this '^0000FFCat Gamers Certificate^000000', and play the game. Heh~
This is not possible. Please contact an administrator.
How are the players doing?
Just stopped by to say hi~
Here's the current status...
Rock Paper Scissors players
ChamChamCham players
KongNyangKong players
Flag Game players
Heh~ Rock Paper Scissors players are missing practices occasionally, but they are still getting better. Heh~
ChamChamCham players are actually complaining about the practice because you are doing so well with them, very hard to remember the winner. Heh~
Heh~ KongNyangKong players are so happy with the practice. Heh~
Heh~ Flag Game players are always nervous since you make them work so much. Heh~ But, they are really getting better. Heh~
Heh~ These days, there are so many cats and humans without proper manners. Heh~
We also have some of thme in our 'Cat Gamers'. They are so arrogant every time we win the game... Heh~
Keep up the good work~ Heh~
Heh~ I saw players puting notes in the 'Petition box'. Heh~ Guess that was your work. Let me see...
Heh~ It says in the note to bring 30 Phens and 10 Fish Tails. Heh~ Maybe you didn't catch enough Phens, or forgot some Fish Tails? Heh~
Heh~ Hmm, 50 Marses, and 30 Milk Bottles... Heh~
Heh~ But, where are 50 Marses and 30 Milk Bottles? Heh~ Please see if you haven't missed them...
Heh~ Our team must have some grudge over Team 'Dog n Waltz', enough to ask you for this kind of favor...
Heh~ It says on the note, harass 30 Kobold Archers. Heh~ Please check if you have harassed 30 of them already.
Heh~ Ah, quickness training. It's good to see our players trying their best on training.
Heh~ Yes, nothing is better than mouse catching for improving quickness.
Heh? Where are those 10 Cramps you promised? Heh~ You didn't eat them... did you?
Heh~ '50 Peco Peco please!! Let's party.' Hmm... Heh~ 50 Pecos can feed all of our neighbors.
Heh~ Where are those Peco Pecos? Still not ready? Heh~
Heh~ Hmm... let me see... Heh~ That's right, I was worrying about our team getting so nervous before the actual game... But, they won't even talk to me about it.
Heh~ Where are those 20 yarns? It says 20 on the note, right...? Please check if you have lost them somewhere.
Heh~ The note says, get me 30 Rat Tails for a snack.
Heh~ Where are those 30 Rat Tails? Please check and come back later.
Heh~ It says 5 on the note... 5 of what? What?! Lemons?
Heh~ Let's just get 5 Lemons for them, will you? Heh~ I am still not sure where they want to use them...
Heh~ Give us 10 Ice Pieces or 10 Ice Creams!! Heh~ I personally prefer Ice Cream, just so you know.
Heh~ Where are the Ice Pieces or Ice Creams? You should get them before they melt...
Heh~ Here, I found the note from our team. Heh~
Heh~ It says 'We will meet Eryu together.'. Heh~ Have you met Eryu already? I don't think so... Heh~
Heh~ It says 'We will meet Stew together.'. Heh~ Have you met Stew already? I don't think so... Heh~
Heh~ It says 'We will meet Ketchup together.'. Heh~ Have you met Ketchup already? I don't think so... Heh~
Heh~ It says 'We will meet Eff together.'. Heh~ Have you met Eff already? I don't think so... Heh~
Meow~ Meo~ Ow Ow~ Meow Meo~ Eow Eow~
Some strange cat is here.
What do you want?
Ask about the team's attitude...
Do not lie to me! How can I trust you and reveal our team secret? Aren't you a spy from the doggy team?
Aww, come on...
You play with a foxtail nearby and then ask again.
Cat Gamers Director says...
The Manager Cat seems to be interested in the foxtail and starts answering.
Players are afraid of the Cat Gamers Director. When they see Cat Gamers Director at the game, they get nervous.
Can you give me that?
You hand the foxtail to the Manager Cat. Go back to the Cat Gamers Director.
Don't lie to me!
Why should I trust you,
and give our team information?
Aren't you a spy from doggy team...?
Go away.
This cat might hit you.
The Manager Cat is playing with the foxtail you gave him.
He seems to be liking it...
Help~ Fire~
Hey~!
Do you want to hear something?
Don't lie~ We don't use fire that much~
The Manager Cat ignores you, and keeps on playing with the foxtail.
Meow~ I want to tell you a story~ Follow me meow~ Let talk over there, meow~
Haha, I was just kidding. I actually need to tell you that the Cat Gamers Director has an issue...
You explain the story to the Manager Cat.
Scary image... Meow, I understand... Cat Gamers Director should feel peace by giving up things.
Meow! Go tell him this, meow~ Prepare a box, meow~
A box?
Petition it is, meow!! There is some place where humans do such things, I think it will help us~
Ok, I will go tell it to the Games Director~
You tell the Cat Gamers Director to prepare a Box for sure!~ I will tell this to my team, meow.
The players are excited and writing a bunch of things for the petition box... I wonder what they are writing.
You won't help practice? If you help, the Cat Gamers Director will give you food cans... Please reconsider!
When practicing, you must equip the '^0000FFCat Gamers Certificate^000000' item~ Don't forget, meow~
What do you want meow?
Hi.
Any news?
Help me with playing.
Oh, hi meow~
I tell you this meow~ You don't know Cat Gamers Director's feeling meow~.
lol? >> Curious, Admire
Heh~ >> Normal
lol Heh~ >> Happy
lol lol Heh~ >> Crazy meow
But, why are you asking me meow? Strange meow...
Some cats use 'meow meow' like me when talking, but some don't.
Cats don't have an honorific phrase, so don't get us wrong as looking down on you meow.~
You should walk around many places and ask for information meow... But, don't bother me please meow~
No easy way for that... I just breathe meow...
What game do you want to play?
'Cat Gamers' has players for 4 types of games meow~
The Cat Gamers Director said he will challenge other games later~
Rock Paper Scissors
KongNyangKong
ChamChamCham
Flag Game
Rock Paper Scissors meow? Nothing special...
Scissor beats Paper, meow.
Rock beats Scissors, meow.
Paper beats Rock, meow.
These are basic rules.
You play 5 Rock Paper Scissors games with player cats meow.
You play again when you are even meow.
You can get a present after 3 times of winning meow.
And you get a big present when you win all 5 matches, meow!!
Find Paa or Ser if you want to play the Rock Paper Scissors game.
KongNyangKong is not an easy game meow.
When attacking, face your hand the same direction as the opponent meow.
When defending, you should face your hand the opposite direction from the opponent meow.
If the attack is a success, you can keep on attacking.
But, if you fail, you have to defend meow.
If you be careful, you can win without getting hit at all meow.
Once you make your opponent's HP 0, you win meow.
Of course there will be a present meow.
Good luck meow.
Oh~ right meow~!! Find KungKung if you want to play KongNyangKong.
ChamChamCham is a high level mind game meow.
The rules are simple, but you need to think a lot meow.
You should direct your hand to where the cat turns its face meow.
A present is given for 3 wins in a row meow.
The more wins, the more presents meow.
Kuka is smart, and remembers players with many wins meow.
There will be more presents when you take 1st place meow.
Flag Game is way harder than ChamChamCham game meow.
Really~ Really~ Really~
hard mind game meow.
It's 1,000 times harder meow.
You get 5 Flag Point when starting meow.
1 point goes away when you wave the flag once meow.
You win the game when no other cats are waving flags meow.
You can predict if other cats will wave their flags or not meow.
By looking at their actions meow.
You must win to get presents meow.
You will get more presents since this is hard game meow~
If you want to play Flag Game meow~
Go find the other manager cat who is trying to get the Referee Certificate meow.
You found Eryu the cat, and start talking.
Umm... Who are you?
The Games Director sent me.
I am a writer for the 'Human' magazine.
Who are you?
Arrgg. Go away...
I don't know who you're talking about.
Umm? 'Human' magazine?
Is there such a thing?
We've been publishing for 10 years.
But, I guess it is possible for cats to not know who we are.
We are a really famous magazine throughout the World!
Don't you believe me?
Hmm... ok. But, what can I do for you?
I am in the middle of writing an article named 'Game Playing Cats'...'
It is a special piece for me.
And some team named umm... do... umm... wal... not sure...
'Dog n Waltz'?
Oh! Yes!
One of players there 'Dog n Waltz' has recommended Eryu for an interview.
He says you are a really good player who can help me with the article.
I don't remember anyone from 'Dog n Waltz' that much.
The person isn't important.
Just answer a few questions for me, ok?
Be yourself and you'll do just fine.
Ok, first question: How much do you practice a day?
Usually for about 8 hours, but I have to tell you that I'm not on the team anymore...
Wait, what?
You are not with the team now? How come...?
Well...
The Director Cat was too scary...
I was very sick and had to take a day off...
Just one freaking day...
And...?
And then the Director Cat was raging at me!
Hmm, sounds pretty rough.
'Cat Gamers' has lost another great player.
I'm sorry to hear that you're not on the team anymore.
I guess this is the end of the interview.
Because this is for current players only.
Oh...
Sorry to make you waste your time.
Oh, don't worry.
I should say sorry for taking up your precious time.
Have a nice day.
You found out the reason why Eryu left the team.
Time to go find the other cats.
Yes, I am Eryu! What do you want, huh, meow~
Aren't you the magazine writer?
What brings you here again...?
Sorry, I was trying to interview another cat...
And came back to you by mistake.
I'm sorry.
Ah... I see. Take care of yourself.
What do you want to say?
Ah... aren't you the writer?
Huh... Who is that..?
Eryu seems to recognize you.
I think you are the writer...
Hey~ Stop there~
You've been found. Let's get away.
Dirty 'Cat Gamers'!
I won't go back ever... Who are you?
This cat might hit you. Let's get away.
Aren't you the writer?
Eryu seems to recognize you. Let's get away.
You found Stew the cat, and start talking.
Meow...? Who are you, meow?
The 'Cat Gamers' Manager sent me.
Meow~ Grrr~
I'm with the 'Boom Can' Company.
Stew is not interested meow.
Don't come back again meow~
Stew doesn't have time for crazy people.
'Boom Can' Company, meow?
You don't know 'Boom Can' food?
You don't eat canned food at all?
Then, I came to the wrong cat.
Yes meow~ Stew likes canned food very much meow~
Ah! Ok then.
We, the 'Boom Can' Company, have been servicing for over 10 years, so we are doing a survey for better food production.
Let me ask a few questions.
It is very easy.
Ok meow~ Go ahead meow~
Thank you! We were right about out cat customers with big hearts.
I met dog customers last week and they didn't answer me at all...
And they were so rude~ You know.
Dogs are natually like that~
You humans know animals~
Thank you! I'm flattered.~
Ok, let me ask you a few things.
What is your job?
Job meow? Stew was a pro gamer meow~
But, Stew quit now meow~
Well, how did that happen?
You seem to have good skills.
Fast and big hearted, its a pity that you quit already.
Meow~ Meow~ Meow~ Yes, Stew was something meow.
If it was not for that Cat Gamers Director scaring me, Stew would still be playing meow~
What a bad Director.
Not that bad actually meow~
Sometimes.. Stew gets very tired meow.
So, Stew takes it easy while practicing meow.
Then the Cat Gamers Director started to get angry and scary meow.
So I quit meow.
Ah! I see.
Ok, the survey is over now.
Thank you for your opinion on our survey for the 'Boom Can' company.
Meow? Did you aks anything meow?
I already asked you everything...
Don't you remember?
There were 10 questions!
Really meow? Strange meow.
Sorry meow? Don't remember meow.
It didn't felt like an interview meow.
Well you did way better than those dogs.
I don't even want to think about them~ Phew~..
I should get going now.
Have a great day.
Really meow? Dogs are always like that meow.
Cats are winners meow~
Ok meow~ Good bye meow~
You found out the reason why Stew left the team.
Let's find the other cats.
Aren't you from the 'Boom Can' Company?
Another survey meow?
Oops! I should be meeting other cats.
I am very sorry...
It's ok meow~ Good bye meow~
Who are you meow?
And... Aren't you from the 'Boom Can' Company, meow?
Huh? What's that?
Stew seems to recognize you.
I think you are from the 'Boom Can' Company, meow... Who are you, meow~
Stew seems to recognize you. Let's get away.
Meow Meow~ Good bye to 'Cat Gamer's meow~ Who are you meow?
The 'Boom Can' Company!!
You found Ketchup the cat, and start talking.
Meow...? Who are you?
Grrr~ Bow wow~
The Game Director cat sent me.
I'm from 'Cans for Kittens'.
What the dog? Hiss~
Get away from me, human, before I get really angry~
Oh yeah? 'Cans for Kittens'?
I want to share some of our philosophy with you.
Do you believe in giving to others?
Umm I guess so...
'Cans for Kittens' is a religion that embraces all felines.
Bow before the Lord of Cans!
What's the Lord of Cans?
Your name is Ketchup, right? Don't you know about the Lord of Cans?
He knows everything.
Do not try to fool him and bow!
Meow?! How can you know my name? Wow...
I am sorry. Really sorry.
Please forgive me Lord of Cans.
That Director Cat was so scary~!
I said so many bad things when I left the Cat Gamers...
Please forgive.
The Lord of Cans forgives Ketchup's sins.
Our Lord also wants you to stop swearing and live an honest life!
Thank you Lord of Cans.
I will live a kind cat life from this point on.
You found out why did Ketchup left the Cat gamers.
Let's look for the other cats.
You are...
Ketchup gives you an apologetic look and runs away.
He probably did something bad already.
What is this? What do you mean by 'Come back'...?
Can... 'Cans for Kittens'?
Ketchup recognized you and ran away.
You've delivered the message.
It seems you need to find Ketchup one more time.
Ketchup ran away once again.
I will never come back, for sure... Who are you?
Ketchup ran away.
You found Eff the cat, and start talking.
I have some good investment news...
A... Cat?
The 'Cat Gamers' Director sent me...
Investment info? Meow~?
What is that? Meow~?
Interested, huh?
This is classified information.
You won't get it from any other human.
Haha! You are lucky today.
You heard that land can be a good investment, right?
Oh oh~ I think so. Meow~
You do know about our capital Prontera, don't you?
Prontera meow? Yes, I know about it. Meow~
There are some locations where
Prontera kingdom is secretly selling...
And... And...?? Meow~
Hmm, this is top secret.
Something that must not be revealed at all...
Can you really keep this secret...?
Well... I've always been known for being a good keeper of secrets meow.
Meow~ Don't worry at all. Meow~
Ok, I believe you, Eff...
Please keep this a secret.
I got it. Meow~
Well, I heard that there is a location in Juno where underground big shots will be investing about 10,000,000,000 zeny.
And it is now available for pre-investment.
If you invest in 1 Can food here, the outcome will be enormous.
Enor... mous... meow...?
100 Cans!!
You will get 100 cans for investing just 1 can food!
The profit will be X100! X100!!
Woot!! 100 Cans~ Meow~
So, how many cans do you want to invest?
You'll be a part owner so make sure to invest the max that you can afford.
I want to invest.
But, I don't have cans with me. Meow~
You can always get a loan!!
This a like 100 times result for sure!!
How can you loose a chance like this?
You should do whatever it takes!
You know what..? They say some careers like pro gamers can get solid loans.
Like about 1,000 can loan at once.
Without a high interest rate!
Meow!! 1... 1,000...
Moew~ I am a Pro Gamer.
Meow~ But, I quit~ Meow~
What!! Why would you quit such good a gig!! Are you crazy?
Let's say we invest 1,000 cans after getting that loan.
One, Ten, Hundred, Tousand. Woot!
I can't believe this.
The result will be 100,000 cans, 100,000!!
1... 100,000 cans... Meow~
So tell me... Why did you quit such a great job?
Why?
I was afraid of the Director Cat there...
Meow~ This one time, I had to take a sick day.
Meow~ And I haven't seen such scary cat my entire life...
So you quit because Cat Gamers Director was so scary. Hmm, sorry but I can't let you in on this investment...
I guess... What a waste of time!
Good bye!
Oh and don't tell anyone what I just told you!
Bye~
You found out why Eff has left the team.
Now, let's find the other cats.
Yes. I am a cat.
Meow~ Do you think I am a dog?
Meow~ You are a strange human. Meow~
Seeing as this is like the first time I met you.
I'll forgive you today. Meow.
Meow~ Don't even think about bringing up that name to me again...
You are--!!
Meow~ I want to invest. Meow~
Not without the cans you can't!!
You didn't tell anyone about this deal, right?
I didn't. Meow~
Ok, good cat! Never!!
Tell this to other cats!~
Bye Bye~
Who are you, meow?
Meow...? Meow! You! Investor meow?
Huh? Who...?
Eff seems to recognize you.
Eff seems to recognize you, so let's get away.
Meow Meow~ 'Cat Gamers' can say good bye to me, meow.
Meow... Who are you meow?
Ah!! When you are done, please get checked by the Cat Gamers Director over there.
You seem like a first timer! Where did you get the certificate? Someone lost it, I guess.
Rock Paper Scissors is a serious game. When will our practicing partner come?
Where is your Cat Gamers Certificate? It seems like nothing, but you can't play this game without it!
Please go get the certificate.
Is it tomorrow already? I don't think so! Can't you read the time?
Play the game.
Say hi.
Ask about the game rules.
Oh! Ok, hi? But, why now?
Ah... You are bored? Why don't you play a game with me?
Hey, you! Don't neglect the Rock Paper Scissors game!!
I've seen many people getting their butts kicked in this game!!
You better mark my words, if you don't want to end up like them!~
You don't even know how to play this game?
Let me kindly teach you.
Scissors beats Paper,
Paper beats Rock,
And Rock beats Scissors.
Ok? Got it now?
You must play 5 matches with me.
We go again if the game is even!!
I will give you a present if you beat me 3 times. Ok?
Ok, then. Go away.
Result is even, so we play again.
Try your best!
Rock! Paper! Scissors!
Rock
Paper
Scissors
All 5 matches are over!!
Hmm... Let me see...
Ser became polite all of a sudden.
Great game it was. I admire your enthusiasm for the game. So, I want to give you my precious Can as a present.
I don't need it!
Just take it!! Do as I say~
You are polite. But, sadly this is all I can give you.
Good bye~ Come back tomorrow for more practice~
Oh! You won all 5 matches. Here are some more extra Cans.
Ser became very arrogant.
You want to play with me? Ser? With that skill of yours? Meow?
What? Present? How can you ask for such a thing when you lose? Go practice more!! Work!! Yes, I should make you do this!!
Hmm. Do you know a fish named Phen? Do you? Isn't it a delicious looking fish?
- Chrub -
Ser wipes the drool from his mouth.
Go catch 30 Phens. And also get me 10 Fish Tails. Get them to our Director cat, and he will make a delicious dish with them.
Lately, I've felt powerless and that there's too much weight on me. I should take care of my health.
Now it's time for some healthy food.
Get 50 Marse and 25 Milk to our Cat Gamers Director. He has excellent knowledge on healthy foods.
Well... we do have a rival, you know. They are 'Dog n Waltz', and everything goes wrong when they come around.
I would ask you to bully them, but I suppose that's illegal... So, please at least harass similar looking monsters. What would be a good target?
Oh, that archer among Kobolds!! I hate those the most. Go harass 30 Kobold Archers, and report to our Cat Gamers Director.
What is most important for winning the game? It is quickness. What should we do to get faster?
I've been thinking... The best way for us cats is obviously catching rats.
You know Cramp, right? That blue chubby creature... Please go catch 10 of them, and report to our Cat Gamers Director.
Ah... I want some bird cuisine. Which one would be most delicious?
Picky? Ah! It's too small. How about Condor? I am not sure... Peco Peco?
Alright! Please catch 50 Peco Pecos and get them to our Cat Gamers Director. We shall have a party with bird cuisine tonight.
I get too nervous before the game. And I don't play well when I'm nervous. I need something to calm down before the game starts.
Oh! That's right! Yarn! I used to play with Yarn when I was young. Wasn't able to have that kind of relaxation after joining the 'Cat Gamers'.
Please get 20 Yarns for me. Why 20? There are many other cats with the same issue. Our Director should take care of this for you.
Recently, our Director seems to have been trying to cut some expenses. Or is the manager taking advantage?
Regular snacks for our players have been reduced. You should go get 30 Rat Tails, and give them to our Cat Gamers Director.
Then, we shall find out if our manager is being greedy or not.
I am having a slump these days. I can't give my 100% to the game.
It is the lemon we need in times like this.
Please get 5 lemons for me. Don't forget, I need 5 Lemons... Our Cat Gamers Director should know what to do with them.
Malangdo is a good place for a cat to live. But, it gets very hot when we play games.
When we are playing a lot, it gets really crazy hot, hard for us to bear. You know how hysterical we cats can be, right?
Please get us either 10 Ice Pieces or 10 Ice Creams. Our Cat Gamers Director should know what to do with them.
I can see that you also need some rest. Feel free to relax for a while. How about taking a walk around the village? I insist~!
But, it is no fun to just walk around the village. Hmm... Right!! Why don't you go ahead and meet a cat named Eryu?
Oh! And when you meet the cat, make sure to say 'Come back'. That is the password. And don't forget to tell our Director I was with you all the time!!
But, it is no fun to just walk around the village. Hmm... Right!! Why don't you go ahead and meet a cat named Stew?
But, it is no fun to just walk around the village. Hmm... Right!! Why don't you go ahead and meet a cat named Ketchup?
But, it is no fun to just walk around the village. Hmm... Right!! Why don't you go ahead and meet a cat named Eff?
You haven't done what we asked you for meow. A promise is a promise, you know meow.
When you are done meow, please get checked by the Cat Gamers Director over there meow.
You seem like a first timer meow! Where did you get the certificate meow? Someone lost it, I guess meow.
When is our practicing partner coming meow? I am bored meow.
Where is your Cat Gamers Certificate meow? It seems like nothing, but you can't play this game without it meow!
Go get the certificate meow.
We can only play the game once a day meow. Come tomorrow meow.
Good idea meow.
Hello meow~ Nice to see you meow~
Other games have one cat player. But, we have two for Rock Paper Scissors. You want to know why meow?
Paa is kind meow. So, I'll tell you story meow.
Ser cat is my twin brother. I was born first, but he always says he is the elder meow. But, I don't fight with Ser meow. I am a good brother meow.
Anyways, me and Ser are well known as the pro gamer cat brothers meow. Everyone knows us meow.
You are free to admire me, meow. I give you permission meow.
You want to know how to play this game meow? I'll teach you because I am a kind cat meow~
You don't seem that stupid meow. So, let's skip the part about what beats what meow.
You must play 5 matches with me meow. We go again if the game is even meow.
If you win 3 times, I'll give you a present meow~ Cat Gamers Director said so meow.
That is all meow~ But it is not an easy game meow. Respect the game meow~
Result is even, so we play again meow.
Try your best meow!
Meow!! All 5 matches are over meow!!
Let me see meow...
You won meow.
Paa became polite all of a sudden.
Great game it was meow. I admire your enthusiasm for the game meow. So, I want to give you my precious Can as a present meow.
Just take it meow!! Do as I say meow~
You are polite meow. But, sadly this is all I can give you meow.
Good bye meow~ Come back tomorrow for more practice meow~
Oh! You won all 5 matches meow. Here are some more extra Cans meow!
You lost. Meow... Meow...
Paa became very arrogant.
You want to play with me? Paa? With that skill of yours? Meow?
What? Present meow? How can you ask for such a thing meow? You lost meow! Go practice more!! Work!! Yes, I should make you do this meow!!
Hmm. Do you know a fish named Phen meow? Do you? Isn't it a delicious looking fish meow?
Paa wipes the drool from his mouth.
Go catch 30 Phens meow. And also get me 10 Fish Tails meow. Get them to our Director cat, and he will make a delicious dish with them meow.
Lately, I've felt powerless and that there's too much weight on me meow. I should take care of my health meow.
Now it's time for some healthy food meow.
Get 50 Marse and 25 Milk to our Cat Gamers Director meow. He has excellent knowledge on healthy foods meow.
We do have a rival, you know meow. They are 'Dog n Waltz', and everything goes wrong when they come around meow.
I would ask you to bully them, but I suppose that's illegal meow... So, I will ask you to harass similar looking monsters meow.
Oh, that archer among Kobolds meow!! I hate those the most. Go harass 30 Kobold Archers, and report to our Cat Gamers Director meow.
What is most important for winning the game meow? It is quickness. What should we do to get faster meow?
I've been thinking meow... The best way for us cats is obviously catching rats meow.
You know Cramp, right meow? That blue chubby creature meow... Please go catch 10 of them, and report to our Cat Gamers Director meow.
Chrub... I want some bird cuisine meow. Which one would be most delicious meow?
Picky? Ah! It's too small meow. How about Condor? I am not sure... Peco Peco meow?
Alright meow! Please catch 50 Peco Pecos and get them to our Cat Gamers Director meow. We shall have a party with bird cuisine tonight meow.
I get too nervous before the game meow. And I don't play well when I'm nervous meow. I need something to calm down before the game starts meow.
Oh! That's right meow! Yarn meow! I used to play with Yarn when I was young meow. Wasn't able to have that kind of relaxation after joining the 'Cat Gamers' meow.
Please get 20 Yarns for me meow. Why 20? There are many other cats with the same issue meow. Our Director should take care of this for you meow.
Recently, our Director seems to have been trying to cut some expenses meow. Or is the manager taking advantage meow?
Regular snacks for our players have been reduced meow. You should go get 30 Rat Tails, and give them to our Cat Gamers Director meow.
Then, we shall find out if our manager is being greedy or not meow.
I am having a slump these days meow. I can't give my 100% to the game meow.
It is the lemon we need in times like this meow.
Get 5 lemons for me meow. Don't forget, I need 5 Lemons meow... Our Cat Gamers Director should know what to do with them meow.
Malangdo is a good place for a cat to live meow. But, it gets very hot when we play games meow.
When we are playing a lot, it gets really crazy hot, hard for us to bear meow. You know how hysterical we cats can be, right meow?
Get me either 10 Ice Pieces or 10 Ice Creams. Our Cat Gamers Director should know what to do with them meow.
I can see that you also need some rest meow. Feel free to relax for a while meow. How about taking a walk around the village meow? I insist meow~!
But, it is no fun to just walk around the village meow. Hmm... Right meow!! Why don't you go ahead and meet a cat named Eryu meow?
Oh! And when you meet the cat, make sure to say 'Come back' meow. That is the password meow. And don't forget to tell our Director I was with you all the time meow!!
But, it is no fun to just walk around the village meow. Hmm... Right meow!! Why don't you go ahead and meet a cat named Stew meow?
But, it is no fun to just walk around the village meow. Hmm... Right meow!! Why don't you go ahead and meet a cat named Ketchup meow?
But, it is no fun to just walk around the village meow. Hmm... Right meow!! Why don't you go ahead and meet a cat named Eff meow?
You haven't done what we asked you for yo~. A promise is a promise, you know yo~.
When you are done, please get checked by the Cat Gamers Director over there yo.~
You seem like a first timer yo~ Where did you get the certificate yo~ You better give that back yo~
The Cat Gamers Director said a practicing partner is coming yo~ But, that human didn't show up yo~ I am bored yo~
But, you don't have the certificate yo~ Certificate helps you save the game record yo~ You must have it! yo~
Please go get the certificate yo~
Is it not tomorrow yet yo~ You can play one game a day yo~ Come back tomorrow yo~
Ask who is 1st place.
Good choice yo~
No one holds a record for the ChamChamCham game yo~
You could be the first yo~
Current 1st place for the ChamChamCham game is
Never know when someone else would break the record yo~
ChamChamCham game rules are very simple yo~
Just direct your hand towards the direction where I direct my face yo~
Like this yo~
Or like that yo~
A present is available for 3 wins yo~
If you beat the previous record, you get a bigger present yo~
See you at the practice yo~
Cham!
Cham! Cham!
Cham! Cham! Cham!
Hand towards left
Hand towards right
Hehe~ I won yo~ I feel good yo~
Well~ I lost yo~ Let's practice more yo~
Present is for 3 wins or more yo~ Nothing for today yo~ But, come again tomorrow yo~
A new record yo~ Congrats yo~
I'll give you 1 random coin pocket as a special present yo~ Well done yo~ Come back tomorrow yo~
Kuka wants you to catch delicious Phens yo~
Kuka wipes the drool from his mouth.
Catch 30 Phens yo~ And also get me 10 Fish Tails yo~ Get them to our Director Cat, and he will make a delicious dish with them yo~
Lately, I've felt powerless and that there's too much weight on me yo~ I should take care of my health yo~
Now it's time for some healthy food yo~
Get 50 Marse and 25 Milk to our Cat Gamers Director yo~. He has excellent knowledge on healthy foods yo~.
We have a rival yo~ 'Dog n Waltz' yo~
I want to harass similar goons yo~
There is an archer among Kobolds yo~ Harass 30 Kobold Archers and report to our Cat Gamers Director yo~
Quickness is very important for winning the game yo~ Work on quickness yo~
Mouse catching is the best work out for quickness training yo~
Catch 10 blue and chubby Cramps, and report to our Cat Gamers Director yo~
I crave bird cuisine yo~ Bird cuisine is so delicious yo~
Picky is too small and Condor is not tasty yo~ How about Peco Peco yo~?
Ok yo~ Catch 50 Peco Pecos and report to our Cat Gamers Director yo~ Tonight, we will have a bird cuisine party yo~
I get too nervous before the game yo~. And I don't play well when I am nervous yo~. I need something to calm down before the game starts yo~.
Yarn is very useful for relaxing yo~
Get 20 Yarns yo~ There are many other cats with the same issue yo~ The Cat Gamers Director will take care of them yo~
Recently, our Director seems to have been trying to cut some expenses yo~ Or maybe the Manager Cat is taking advantage yo~
Then, we shall find out if our manager is being greedy or not yo~
I am having a slump these days yo~ I can't give my 100% to the game.
It is the lemon we need in times like this yo~
Get 5 lemons for me yo~ Don't forget, I need 5 Lemons yo~ Our Cat Gamers Director should know what to do with them yo~
Malangdo is a good place for a cat to live yo~ But, it gets very hot when we play games yo~
When we are playing a lot, it gets really crazy hot yo~ Crazy cats are scary yo~ We need Ice Pieces or Ice Cream yo~
Get us either 10 Ice Pieces or 10 Ice Creams, and report to our Cat Gamers Director yo~
Cat Gamers Director's order yo~ Find Eryu who is afraid of the Director yo~
You must find Eryu, and tell him 'Come back' yo~ report to our Cat Gamers Director yo~
Cat Gamers Director's order yo~ Find Stew who is afraid of the Director yo~
You must find Stew, and tell him 'Come back' yo~ report to our Cat Gamers Director yo~
Cat Gamers Director's order yo~ Find Ketchup who is afraid of the Director yo~
You must find Ketchup, and tell him 'Come back' yo~ report to our Cat Gamers Director yo~
Cat Gamers Director's order yo~ Find Eff who is afraid of the Director yo~
You must find Eff, and tell him 'Come back' yo~ report to our Cat Gamers Director yo~
You didn't keep your promise. I have no business with you.
You are not qualified. Hmm... I am not sure how you got this, but we cannot practice with you. Go back.
Do not bother me. I am waiting for my practicing partner.
Are you the practice partner? You are late. Let's start right away.
Where is your certificate? You cannot practice with us unless you have that certificate. Go get it.
You don't have a watch? Or can't read the time? It's not the time yet.
Ask current 1st place.
Before the game, we will decide the turn by rolling a dice.
Why do you want to know the 1st place? KongNyangKong is a brutal and tough match game. Kuka should know such thing!
You want to learn the game rules?
You seem to have a polite way of asking things.
Listen carefully.
KongNyangKong has different play rules when attacking and defending.
When attacking, you must turn your hand to the same side as your opponent in order to complete the attack.
If we turn our hands the same way like this, then your attack is successful.
For defending, you must turn your hand to the opposite side of your opponent in order to defend yourself.
Yes! If you turn your hand opposite to mine like that, you have succeeded defending yourself.
If you are clever enough, you should know that the bottom hand is the attacker's hand.
Last!! Most important rule.
Once you succeed attacking, you can continue attacking your opponent.
When you fail, then you are on the defending side.
Do not forget this!
You can ask about the KongNyangKong rules anytime you want!
Our Manager Cat also knows all about the KongNyangKong rules.
That is all!
Your dice roll number is higher. You can attack first.
My dice roll number is higher. I will attack first.
We have even numbers. Let's roll the dice once again.
Kong!
Kong! Nyang!
Kong! Nyang! Kong!
How would you like to attack?
¡¡ Tip !!
Choose back: ^FF0000You win if the cat shows the back of its paw.^000000
Choose palm: ^FF0000You win if the cat shows the palm of its paw.^000000
Back
Palm
Attack was successful.
You have slapped the back of KungKung's paw.
Attack has failed.
KungKung starts attack now.
How would you like to defend?
Defending has failed.
KungKung attacks the back of your hand with its sharp claw.
Defending was succesful.
You can start attack now.
I lost. It was good game indeed.
A win would have been better, but I am too busy to look back at the past.
Sob...
Hmm... That wasn't necessary, I guess.
This is for you, Human!
Come again tomorrow. I will beat you next time.
I won. It was a boring match.
You need to practice more. Maybe some extra work will help.
Catch the delicious fish Phen.
Go catch 30 Phens. And also get me 10 Fish Tails. Give them to our Director cat, and he will make a delicious dish with them.
I may have worked out too much... I feel powerless and that there's too much weight on me. I should take care of my health.
I am already 10 years old, so it's time for some healthy food.
Get 50 Marse and 30 Milk to our Cat Gamers Director. He has excellent knowledge on healthy foods.
We have a rival. The 'Dog n Waltz' team... Everything goes wrong when they come around.
I want to ask you to bully them, but that's illegal...
Go harass 30 Kobold Archers instead of 'Dog n Waltz', and report to our Cat Gamers Director.
Quickness is most important for winning the game. For better quickness...
Catching mice is best. It's Cramp hunting time.
Catch 10 Cramps, and report to our Cat Gamers Director.
I want some bird cuisine. Have you tasted any before?
Peco Peco sounds delicious to me. I don't like eating alone, so...
Catch 50 Peco Pecos, and report to our Cat Gamers Director. We all can have a dinner party with Peco Peco cuisine.
Being calm is the key to winning important matches.
There's not a single cat who hasn't played with Yarn when they were young.
Get 20 Yarns, and report to our Cat Gamers Director. It will help improve our team's ability.
I have a strong belief that our Manager Cat is taking advantage of our snacks.
All we need is evidence... Get 30 Rat Tails, and report to our Cat Gamers Director.
Then, we shall find out whether or not Manager Cat was doing something wrong.
Practice was ok, but I seem to be having a slump these days.
We need to have some Lemon in times like this.
Get 5 Lemons to our Cat Gamers Director. He'll know what to do.
Malangdo is a good place for a cat to live. But, it gets hot easily.
On a hot days like this, we could use some Ice Pieces or Ice Cream.
Get either 10 Ice Pieces or 10 Ice Creams. Our Cat Gamers Director should know what to do with them.
Our Cat Gamers Director asked this. I should make you do this errand.
Find Eryu the cat from Malangdo, and say 'Come back' loud and clear.
Afterwards, you can report to our Cat Gamers Director. Off you go!!
Find Stew the cat from Malangdo, and say 'Come back' loud and clear.
Find Ketchup the cat from Malangdo, and say 'Come back' loud and clear.
Find Eff the cat from Malangdo, and say 'Come back' loud and clear.
You cannot challenge this Flag Game unless you are done with your assigned work.
Not everyone can challenge just because they have the certificate.
Ok, let's practice until a challenger comes!!
Do you want to challege?
You cannot challenge this Flag Game unless you are wearing our certificate item. Please come back later.
The Flag Game is only available once a day.
Challenge.
Ask about the rules.
Let's challenge the Flag Game. Please wait while our cats get prepared.
Oh! I retired from 'Cat Gamers', and am working on a national game referee license. Licenses are the new trend these days.
A referee must use standard language... So it was very hard for me to stop crying meow meow~ like other cats.
I know the game rules for players for sure, but refereeing the game is a lot harder than it seems.
Sometimes I do make mistakes, and people go crazy like it's the end of world. What a hard job this is.
But, I want to finish this course, and be the world's best referee ever.
You can bet on it!!
Allow me to explain the rule for the Flag-Waving Game.
You play with 5 other cats.
Wait and wave the flag when no others are waving it.
You start with 5 Flag Points, and each time you wave the flag 1 point vanishes.
When your points hit 0, the game ends.
There's a special rule for this Flag Game. For more thrill, we reduce 1 point if you do not wave your flag for 10 games.
You will get bigger presents as you win with less Flag Points used.
Come back anytime if you need more help with the game rules. Our Manager Cat is also available for some help with the game rules.
Cats are now all prepared.
Observe cats
Wave flag
Wait
Observing cats...
You have used all your Flag Points.
You have failed at flag waving.
Let's move on to the next game.
But! This is flag waving game, so this doesn't count.
Since you didn't wave your flag for 10 games, 1 Flag Point will be reduced according to the official Flag Game rules.
The Flag-Waving Game has ended.
Final results!!
Congratulations. You have won the Flag-Waving Game.
But, only 3 Canned Foods will be given as the present since you didn't take a big part through the game.
Hope you win some more Canned Foods tomorrow.
Flag waving failed...
Leader gives you a note without hesitation. You must follow the order now.
Ah~ I'm hungry. Any rats wandering around?
Ah~ I think I could eat 100 cramps at once.
Hey, why don't you look around? Who knows? Maybe we can find a delicious canned food~
Then, you can give me one. Hehe~
I am hungry~ Any leftover canned food there?
Hut! Human, you came to see me, Row the Great? What? No?
What do want then? Get lost. Ah...!!
You want to play the Flag Game? I see. Show me what you've got.
But, you know you can never beat me, the great Row.
Flag waving is a serious game. Only special cats like me can compete. Meow~
Hair picking is my best hobby meow.
When picking hair meow~
Time really flies meow~
Come here, you, meow. I'll pick your hair meow.
The cat is picking your hair.
Arrgg!! Why should I play this stupid flag waving game here?
Hey you. What do you think? I know you've hearing me!
Well, I'm sure you won't have a clue why this is happening. I forgive you.
How can a human understand the overwhelming heart of cats.
A human? What are you doing here?
Oh! I see. Our director is looking a practicing partner, why don't you apply?
Meow~ I'm annoyed meow~
Annoying meow~
You're annoying meow~
What are you, a dog? Meow~!
Do not mess with the drooping cat.
Or you will regret it.
z..Z..z..Z
The cat is sleeping.
A small sign.
- Practicing partner welcome -
- Recruiting 'Cat Gamers' -
Consult with our Cat Gamers Director.
Rock Paper Scissors practice room
ChamChamCham practice room
Consult with the director...
KongNyangKong & Flag Game practice room
'Cat Gamers' Tech Team lab
Wow Wot~ What a busy day~
Oh, you are the one who won the honorable certificate?
There are more orders coming every day. Ahh!! Give me some more manpower!!
Nyah~ Ong~ Certificate complete!!
I already gave your certificate to the Cat Gamers Director! Go check it out~
Please... Keep this wherever you go.
I am a cat. Nyah~ Ong~
I look like a sheep because I was so busy I didn't have time to shave.
It is not my fault...
Nyah~ Ong~ Do not interrupt my resting.
Usually, I am very busy...
Don't touch me.
I'm a bit fat now, but you should look at yourself too. Haha...
I want join 'Cat Gamers'.
But it seems the Cat Gamers Director is busy now. Should I just leave?
What? You also want join this group?
Why did someone put that vase inside of a glass?
The Cat Gamers Director did that?
What strange taste.
Maybe I should rethink joining 'Cat Gamers', huh?
^0000FFThere's a hastily written message on this bulletin board.^000000
A fallen angel within will unlock a hidden enchantment to Archangel Wings.
You are carrying too many items, please reduce them and come back!
You have overweight, please reduce it and come back!
You seem like a poor guy!
If you have an Archangel Wing, I will enchant my capability into the useless 4th slot. Would you like me to do so?
Stop speaking
What are you going to do?
What did you say?
I can enchant my capability into your Archangel Wing if you pay 1,000,000 zeny. But you can't enchant it again without resetting it.
The enchantment is dangerous, so ^ff0000the wing might be damaged^000000! Nevertheless, my good blessing will retain the ^0000ffcard and refine level^0000ff!
I can't do it if you can't pay!
There are 2 important notices. First, the enchantment requires ^0000ff1,000,000 zeny^000000.
Second, ^ff0000although the rate is not high, the Archangel Wing might be damaged^000000! This is very unlucky!
If you can accept these conditions, I will enchant the wing for you.
Let me consider...
I accept, let's enchant!
Ok! Take your time to consider!
The Archangel Wing has been taken out!
Don't take off the item!
This Archangel Wing is enchanted! Please initialize it or bring another Archangel Wing for me!
Be merciful to the survivor,
Send flowers to the dead.
Help for justice,
Elimination of evil.
But the important point is... the Archangel Wing is damaged!
Take it!
I believe that you will become the dominator of the new world!
Initialization requires ^0000ff3 units of Silvervine Fruit^000000. The wing will not be damaged except for the enchanted capability.
Ok, I want initialize it.
Oh... you have unequipped the Archangel Wing!
This equipment has not been enchanted, please check it again!
