Cannot proceed with the quest. You are carrying too many items. -
Traveling at such confusing times?
Villagers have been feeling more threatened by evil spirits recently.
Villagers are scared and trembling with fear.
So... the citizens of Port Malaya will feel uncomfortable around you even though there are no hard feelings toward you.
Inns and stops may be closed to outsiders.
There is no definite solution to this, but you might want to meet Phong in Mumbaki first.
If the village leader gives his confirmation, other people might be less worried.
I will mark on the map the location of Phong in Mumbaki.
I welcome your visit though the times are harsh.
Meet with Phong in Mumbaki first.
If you are proven to have a pure soul, other villagers will not avoid you.
If you are not sure of the location, I will mark it on your map.
How is the life here?
People aren't so bad are they?
If you were a little more skillful, there might be a job for you. Right now, you are little bit below the standard.
If you become stronger,
I was thinking of giving you the extermination mission that's being carried out in the city. What a shame. 
Whew, thanks to you, I have one less thing to worry about.
I will lose less of my things.
Job well done.
You can come back if you want.
You understand what I mean right?
Oh, about Jejeling that you hunted down before.
People traveling in and out of Baryo are happy about it.
If it's not much too much trouble, I'd like to ask for your help one more time.
You don't have to do it now, just whenever you are comfortable.
Come and find me when you decide.
Recently, there have been a few that gained recognition for their bravery among the villagers." + $malayaNames$[0] + ", " + $malayaNames$[3] + ", " + $malayaNames$[5] + "... Isn't that amazing?
Yesterday, I saw someone who was carried off to the hospital after rolling down the stairs at the park. That person went by the name of " + $malayaNames$[1] + ". I wonder if that person is alright.
The one who contributed the most in the Jejeling hunt was " + $malayaNames$[1] + ".
If you are bored, how about you stand guard for me? This is a heck of a job. You have to keep standing like a statue even till the sun rises up above your head.
Have you been alone with a woman inside a Jeepney? Wow that was awkward...  I'm never going to get married at this rate...
Recently among visitors, one became a close friend to me. Do you know " + $malayaNames$[1] + "? Oh, of course you are a good friend as well.
Oh yes, there is a job for you if you are not too busy. Are you interested?
We are going to organize an extensive Jejeling hunt this time.
Peddlers going in and out of Baryo are always complaining about Jejelings.
Join the Jejeling hunt.
Refuse.
Is that so? I'm sorry to hear that.
Things would be so much simpler if we had a person like you around.
You just have to hunt 20 jejelings each.
It would be a simple task for you.
You have to get rid of 20 Jejelings.
20 should be enough to give those Jejelings a good scare.
Oh, the hunt is over, but you haven't killed all the Jejelings.
Come again if you want another try.
Oh, I have confirmed you got rid of 20 Jejelings.
Here, this is a reward for people who participated in the Jejeling hunt.
I think there will be more Jejeling hunts in the future. Please join us again next time.
Please understand even if people look at you warily.
The ghost have been haunting the people around here.
- Cannot proceed with the quest. You are carrying too many items. -
Looks like this soul came across a big body of water.
Young friend.
The reason you found me... yes... I see.
You don't have to say it in words.
The people are overly cautious of you.
Rodel was probably concerned about it, so he sent you here.
No?
Well then maybe there was some kind of a Spiritual bond between us.
Nonetheless, good to meet you, young friend.
Don't blame the villagers too much for their attitudes toward you.
We are always surrounded by spirits.
We live with them, praying for peace.
But recently, there has been a problem.
For some unknown reason,
Spirits have been running amok, and evil sprits have been haunting the villagers.
This is the shadow that is cast on this beautiful town.
They are cautious because they don't know when the dark shadow will fall on them.
They visit without warning.
^4d4dffPhong in Mumbaki turns his head and dark shadows appear.
People are in panic, everyone trembling with fear.^000000
Step toward the shadow.
Draw weapon.
They have followed the trace of the outsider. 
Don't get to close too them.
Your soul can get absorbed.
Hmm? They are responding.
I don't understand? They look scared as if facing a powerful soul.
This feeling... it can't be...
^4d4dffLike words of Phong in Mumbaki, spirits are responding to something, hesitating.
Observing their reaction, you get closer. The spirits are flustered.^000000
Amazing. Holder of a soul so strong and pure...!
The dark spirits have disappeared because of your presence.
I think other villagers would treat you differently now...
Haven't we all witnessed this miracle?
Young friend. Your presence is welcomed anywhere.
The light from your pure soul will protect you from the darkness.
Everyone in the village witnessed how strong and pure your soul is.
Do not be afraid of the dark.
Is there something wrong?
You look disturbed.
Your clothes also look messed up. Was there some kind of trouble?
Explain what happened.
There is nothing to talk about.
Is that so?
Ha ha... that is a big problem. 
You must've been concerned.
You know, we were preparing a spiritual protection for 
villagers who are afraid of evil spirits...
but preparation is not going well.
As a temporary solution, how about giving them what they want?
Just pick among the items you have that are unimportant and give them to them.
All they want is inner peace anyways.
They give meaning to little things and find peace within that behavior.
What is really important is the belief that you will be safe as long as you carry that item.
If people can stop being afraid by holding on to your old shirt button, then that button is a Spiritual Protection.
^4d4dffAs Mumbaki said, giving out some items to serve as a Spiritual Protection would be a good idea.
What would be adequate as a Spiritual Protection..^000000
Holy Water!
Holy magical item Blue Gemstone?!
Writing utensils or school supplies
The name itself suggests holiness.
It was blessed by the Holy Water, yes?
Not bad.
Is there another? Something more persuading would be nice.
Talk about Blue Gemstone.
Aha... a stone that disappears after absorbing the curse or magical affect instead of the holder.
Used in holy magic?
Sounds good.
But it does not sound so holy though.
Talk about the Holy Water.
Hmm? It isn't too bad if you are always going to carry it around.
But I think something that looks more persuading would be better.
It would be better is there is a holy feel to it...
Do you have something that was blessed by your god?
Holy Water or Blue Gemstone?
Stone that protects the bearer...
Sounds perfect.
Can you find Holy Water and Blue Gemstone that you spoke of?
While I'm working on the Spiritual Protection, you can give out the Holy Artifacts.
People's trust toward you will grow stronger if you do that.
They will trust and listen to you.
Yes, because you will become their heart's savior.
^4d4dffListening to Phong in Mumbaki, you decided to give out Holy Water and Blue Gemstone to the villagers.
Tell me if anything happens.
For you, it'll be my pleasure to lend you a hand
Holy Water and Blue Gemstone you spoke of will function well. 
I hope they can set aside their fear and worries this way...
Did you give out your present to everyone?
By doing this, you made friends with everyone in the town.
I found ways to build Spiritual Protection.
My grandchild Imelda will create it.
So don't worry. You don't have to give out any more of your things.
There was a traveler who is as brave as you. The traveler went by the name of " + $malayaNames$[0] + ". Do you know that person?
There is a traveler recently that has been gaining popularity in the village. The traveler's name was " + $malayaNames$[0] + ". Outsiders seem to be very vigorous.
I have never in my life living as a Mumbaki seen a soul as pure and as strong as that of " + $malayaNames$[0] + "'s. Yes, even stronger and purer than yours.
I witnessed a traveler who flipped backward after stepping on a fruit peel. " + $malayaNames$[1] + ". He cried out 'Ouch! Somebody please help~'. We all had a good laugh.
Welcome! Welcome! You are always welcome around here.
I don't know if you are aware of this, but " + $malayaNames$[0] + " even aided Baryo. I feel good to know that there is a one more good soul around.
Ask for advice.
Bless flowers...
Ferry at the Port?
So that has happened...
Important thing is to first find out why that child is so upset.
In this case, a bribe would work perfectly.
Flowers are always the best choice for seducing woman, right?
This is not a love consulting.
I'm just saying.
Dead or alive, that poor soul is just a little girl.
Girls that age will smile even at the falling leaves.
Open her heart with an armful of flowers. 
Let's see...
^4d4dff3 Mystic Flowers, 3 Elegant Flowers, 3 Pretty Flowers^000000 would be enough to make a Bouquet.
Gather these flowers, and I'll make a Bouquet out of it and bless it.
Flowers can be found out side the village.
There are ^4d4dff3 Mystic Flowers, 3 Elegant Flowers, 3 Pretty Flowers^000000.
Do you understand?
Oh... I can smell the scent of flowers from here.
I'll gather these and bless them.
-Phong in Mumbaki carries out a blessing ceremony after carefully tying flowers into a Bouquet.-
-Just by watching it, holiness overwhelms you.-
Isn't it a beauty?
Not bad for a old man huh?
I made so many Offering Bouquets in the past that I can make one with my eyes closed now.
Now, deliver this to that child.
I hope she opens her heart with this and becomes willing to talk to you.
Take this Bouquet and talk to the spirit that has nested in the boat.
It is a pity to see a misfortunate spirit... just as with that Ferry incident.
If you are going to offer a Bouquet for a spirit, I'm always willing to help.
There is nothing this old man can tell you.
Nothing can beat staying healthy, right?
Who is the floral tribute for?
Don't tell me you're making one in advance cause you're lazy?
A tribute must be sincere. Don't forget that.
Isn't it already made?
What is that in your hand?
Why are you standing around here? Go and give out those flowers.
Going to Diwata?
You need Mysterious Flowers, Elegant Flowers and Beautiful Flowers, 3 of each, okay?
I'll make it when the flowers are ready.
Diwata is some woman.
And you going to her every day is something too.
Hey, here's the Bouquet.
Make offerings with your soul and wish for a fruitful day.
.... Hmm.
I have my eyes on you. Let's see how you do in this town.. *chuckle*
- She is a rather annoying little girl. -
Aren't you the hero who recently got on the villagers good side with the cheap foreign Holy Artifact?
What's up?
Yes. My grandfather found a way.
I'm going to make it.
This is my job and nobody else's.
Protecting traditions is my job.
Good luck on your own!
Of course.
And to get help from someone as... weak as you is not such a good idea.
Getting the materials is not as easy as it sounds.
Maybe when you become stronger, yes, but not now. Never.
What then?
You're going to get the materials?
Fine I'll accept your proposal.
If you wanted to help me out so much, why didn't you say so from the beginning?
Or ask my grandfather?
If you are so enthusiastic about making a Spiritual Protection.
I'd have to give up, won't I?
Now, the needed materials are ^4d4dff6 Sharpened Bamboos, 6 Salt bags and 6 Silver Crosses^000000.
You'll have to manufacture the salt yourself at the north western beach.
You'll find the pits I've made there.
Go to Pandoi at the weapon shop for the Silver Crosses.
He promised to make me some.
Sharpened Bamboos you can get at Baryo or from a nearby forest.
You got all that?
Now's the time to prove your prowess!
Indeed.
I will protect the village!
Now I haven't seen any Spiritual Protections made with those!
Interesting~
I'm sure you'll do just fine~
Ha ha ha ha~
Stop annoying me and go away!
I'll approve you as worthy if you bring all the materials for the Spiritual Protection!
Manufacture the salt at the north western beach and bamboos grow in Baryo Mahiwaga.
Ask Pandoi to make the Silver Crosses.
Don't forget to get 6 of each.
... Oh... My, you really did get them?
You're better than I thought.
That was not a compliment at all!
Now I'm going through the holy ritual to make a traditional Spiritual Protection.
Give them to me! And don't bother me during the process!
Imelda is in ritual with a devout aura, compared to when she streamed invectives.
Better not disturb her.
Still here?
Of course, you want to see how much better my Spiritual Protection is compared to that cheap Holy Artifact.
Fine.
Now go and give these Spiritual Protections to the people!
You have all the rights to do so!
*Giggles*
Took the Spiritual Protection, despite her ridiculous logic and vigor.
Let's give them to the villagers.
Don't disturb the ritual and go away.
Please wait while I make the Spiritual Protection.
The ones who gets the Spiritual Protections are on the list.
Go and give them the new Spiritual Protections
Such a kind person like yourself  will surely do it, won't you? 
*Smirk*
... You really did what I asked you?
You know what? I give up.
I thought you'd leave after getting something from this town with sweet talk...
I apologize for my rude behavior.
....This is something to go with the apology.
I'd be happy if you could help me, because the Spiritual Protections needs to be made every day.
Hello there.
Did you enjoy the scenery of Malaya?
It's nice to have a chat with friends on a Jeepney.
I'll help you making Spiritual Protections.
Love and Spiritual Protection for all.
Materials for making a Spiritual Protection are
Salt Bags, Silver Crosses and Sharpened Bamboos, 6 of each.
Salt form the north western beach, Silver Crosses from Pandoi, and Sharpened Bamboos from near Baryo.
Yes, you got everything precisely.
Thanks for the help.
It'll be nice if you could help again tomorrow.
Here's something for your trouble.
I appreciate your kindness, but we have enough for today.
I'll ask for you when I need more materials.
Very good timing.
I ran out of materials for today's Spiritual Protections.
Could you go for them now?
Sure.
I need some preparations.
As usual then.
6 Salt Bags. Silver Crosses and Sharpened Bamboos, please.
.......I see.
I'll be waiting then.
That is great news indeed.
You know what you need for making Spiritual Protections?
Of course, it's not your first time...
I'll leave you to it then.
Please deliver these new Spiritual Protections to the villagers.
You know them, right?
They cannot rely on these Spiritual Protections forever...
It would be much better to have a strong mind such as yours.
Strong spirits are full of light.
Those of the dark cannot approach due the blinding light
I guess that's it for today.
Thank you very much.
The Spiritual Protections given before will still be in effect
It's okay for now.
I was wondering when you would drop by.
Could you deliver Spiritual Protections to the folks today?
Not today.
Yes.
Why not take a stroll in Malaya today?
Of course, you'll still encounter ghosts here and there.
Come back when you've given them all out.
Thanks for your concern, but I couldn't make any because I ran out of materials.
Shame, is it not?
I do hope there's somebody willing to get them for me.
Are you at peace? I could feel your serenity all the way from here.
You want to spend that extra time for me?
Could you give out these Spiritual Protections to the villagers for me?
Not from around here, I see. I have nothing to say.
How about lending a hand for a poor old man?
I don't care if it's just a sleeve of your shirt, just give me something with your vigor.
You know, I've not long to go now...
Help me be at peace along the way.
Y... You!!
You're the young one with such strong spirit to fend off ghosts of darkness?!
Would it be... Possible to share some of your spirit with me?
I have trouble sleeping because of the mischievous ghosts around town, and my back hurts when it rains.
Please share that miraculous spirit of yours with me.
How about just a button of yours?
-The troubled villagers desire your belongings because you fend off the ghosts. -
-So many have already asked you for this. Perhaps it will be better to speak with Phong in Mumbaki.-
He'll rake off all my buttons if I talk to him now.
Must counsel with Mumbaki first!
To be honest, I do not believe that this Holy Artifact has any abilities.
It's just for the peace of mind.
Nevertheless, I see you differently now
To exclude just because someone's an outsider doesn't seem like a good idea anymore.
I'm sorry I ignored you.
^4d4dffPrepare and give Blue Gemstone and Holy Water. ^000000
So, changed your mind about sharing your spirit?
Hand over the prepared items.
Ahh... Thank you.
Now I can be at peace for some time...
...Peace is always good. Yes.
- Gave Holy Water and Blue Gemstone to Old Man Nardo.-
-With the Old Man as last, enough Holy Artifacts have been given out.-
When you have the time, could you help me out with something?
I'm fine now... I mean later.
Do you know Capre? I hear " + $malayaNames$[1] + " travelers are helping out Capre... Anyhow...
There are plenty of Spiritual Protection these days. " + $malayaNames$[0] + " was keen at giving out Spiritual Protections. Is it a tradition where you come from?
I hear that, between merchants, " + $malayaNames$[1] + "? The name seems to pop up a lot. He seems to be talented in the business.
Once, I saw a traveler who slipped on a piece of fruit. 'Someone help " + $malayaNames$[1] + "~' he shouted, which gave me a good laugh.
Ah, you again? Thanks for the help back then.
I hear that " + $malayaNames$[2] + " is famous in Baryo. Why don't you try for some fame?
What is it?
Speak.
Give Spiritual Protection.
The Old Man and the Cast Iron Cauldron
Port Malaya is a beautiful city.
The old and new are in perfect harmony.
Of course there's the recent problem with ghosts wondering about...
It relieves me that you and other young people are working hard on it.
Thank you.
^4d4dffThere's no Spiritual Protection to give to the Old Man.^000000
Is this a new Spiritual Protection made from traditional methods?
I am grateful that you'd replace mine with a new one.
I am always in your and Imelda's debt.
-Delivered the Spiritual Protection to Old Man Nardo.-
- With the Old Man as last, all Spiritual Protections have been delivered. Head back to Imelda.-
What? A new Spiritual Protection?
I'm okay. I still have the one you gave me before.
Could you give me a new one when this one wears out?
Hmm... You don't look strong enough to travel to Baryo.
I'm sorry but I can't let you carry the precious Cast Iron Cauldron.
You've delivered the Cast Iron Cauldron to Baryo, so that's enough for today.
No matter how strong a cauldron is, even with the toughest cast iron, it only lasts a day.
Help me out again tomorrow if you can.
Hey there!
So, are you well and well fed?
Come back again when you have the time.
It's about the Cast Iron Cauldron, but it can wait for after your current errand.
Did you deliver the cauldron in one piece?
Kiko in Mumbaki should have given you a Spiritual Protection. Do you have it?
You must have left it somewhere. Go fetch it please.
Good. It's the Spiritual Protection promised by Kiko in Mumbaki in return.
I know Imelda makes them and you bring them every day, but more the Spiritual Protections, the better.
Please stop by again.
I always prepare the Cast Iron Cauldron needed at Baryo.
Go to Kiko in Mumbaki at Baryo Mahiwaga and deliver the Cast Iron Cauldron.
This should help against the Bakonawa troubles.
Yes, the Cast Iron Cauldron.
I'd like you to do it for me...
Cast Iron Cauldron??
I'll do it.
I'm busy right now.
It's because of the Bakonawa.
Beat the cauldron and the surprised Bakonawa spits back out the moon.
Baryo Mahiwaga is close to where Bakonawa lives, so they are always prepared for trouble.
Enough Cast Iron Cauldrons must be prepared for beating.
But the forge is better here.
So I deliver them every day.
This is the Cast Iron Cauldron. They have fine blacksmiths in Malaya.
Deliver this to Kiko in Mumbaki at the nearby town of Baryo Mahiwaga.
Is that so.
I'm sorry, you must be very busy.
(He evades your gaze and ignores you.)
....So cold-hearted.
And here we are, always trembling in anxiety...
Not even allowed the peace of mind...
Ahh....
... You..
But... you must be the one they're talking about...
Are you the one who fends off the ghosts?
If it's okay with you, can I have one of your belongings or some hair?
I want to carry it... Like a charm of sort.
- So many have already asked you for this. Perhaps it will be better to speak with Phong in Mumbaki.-
Romel looks in your way with a sad look.
He'll surely take a hair or pull a sleeve if he had his way!
Frankly speaking, it's for the peace of mind.
With it, I could face them with more boldness.
I mean, I'm relying on such items,
but I am braver with them.
...What is it?
Oh... Thank you.
I can feel your spirit.
This will keep me safe.
Hey... Could you give some for my daughter as well?
- Gave Romel the prepared Holy Water and Blue Gemstone.-
-With Romel as last, I think enough Holy Artifacts have been given.-
The Holy Artifact is in good hands.
Same with my daughter.
Ha ha, I had a dream last night, you see, and there was " + $malayaNames$[0] + " in the dream. Ha ha... Strange indeed...
Sometimes, my wife makes these sounds in her sleep. " + $malayaNames$[0] + "... " + $malayaNames$[0] + "... she says. Who is it? Do you know?! Is she possessed by a ghost?
It's all thanks to " + $malayaNames$[0] + " for changing the atmosphere of the house. It seems like we were saved by the Holy Artifact and Spiritual Protection.
The people of the neighboring Baryo Mahiwaga are so strong. Even their children play in the forest. I can't imagine myself doing that.
Without the slightest doubt, the most famous person in town is " + $malayaNames$[2] + ". Even famous in Baryo they say.
Merchant Woeon says 'Our " + $malayaNames$[1] + " sir/ma'am' 'we " + $malayaNames$[1] + " sir/ma'am' during drinking. I wonder what happened between the two of them?
Give Spiritual Protection
How are things?
I am at peace these days.
A new Spiritual Protection?
The one you gave me before still works fine.
I'm okay for now.
^4d4dffThere are no Spiritual Protections to give to Romel.^000000
A new Spiritual Protection.
I was thinking this one had worn out... Thanks for coming.
This Spiritual Protection will also protect us.
- Delivered Romel his Spiritual Protection.-
- With Romel as last, all Spiritual Protections have been delivered. Head back to Imelda.-
..........gasp!
(When your eyes met with hers, she ran and hid behind her father.)
Talah might be taken away tonight.
Scary kids might come to Talah.
When Talah tugs at Romel's shirt, Romel looks at you with a sad gaze.
Better do something before they take a button from you...
....I..umm... that.....
.........oh... Daddy....
Hey, could you give my daughter a button or some hair of yours?
She has trouble sleeping at night .......
Wouldn't she be able to sleep well if she had something from you as a lucky charm?
- The troubled villagers desire your belongings because you fend off the ghosts. -
- So many have already asked you for this. Perhaps it will be better to speak with Phong in Mumbaki. -
Talah looks from you to her father with inquisitive eyes.
I dont know for sure
but I get a warm feel from them.
Daddy's braver now and that makes Talah stronger too.
.... Can I say hello?
Hello... there...
Give the prepared items.
Pretty blue stones...!
Oooooh~ They're beautiful!
Is this stone going to keep Talah safe?
- Delivered the Holy Water and Blue Gemstone to Talah. -
-With Talah as last, I think enough Holy Artifacts have been given.-
Daddy told me to hold on to the Holy Artifact really tight.
So it keeps away bad ghosts...
Hello...
Hi there?
...Hey...Thank you.
You're keeping us safe aren't you?
^4d4dffThere is no Spiritual Protection to give to Talah.^000000
Is this a new Spiritual Protection?
Talah can sleep well now with the Spiritual Protection.
Daddy likes it too.
- Delivered new Spiritual Protection to Talah.-
- With Talah as last, all Spiritual Protections have been delivered. Head back to Imelda. -
Umm...
The one you gave before still keeps Talah safe.
I'm okay.
A device to evaporate sea water is buried in the sand...
There's enough salt.
A device to evaporate sea water is installed in the Sand Trap.
Salt can be scraped off the dried leaves
someone scattered on the sea water.
This should be enough.
There's a short and black bamboo tree.
There's enough Sharpened Bamboos...
There's bamboo here with black cane and leaves.
If some of it is cut off and sharpened, I think it will suffice for the Sharpened Bamboo Imelda wanted.
I knew I could do this!
Urghh... Urgh... I got a headache...
My headache must have been brought to me by you from out of town!
Go away. Shoo, leave!
Now, look here my friend...
This can all be solved by giving me a button.
It doesn't look so expensive either.
Aha! You're the one they're all talking about!
I was kinda rude right? Forget about it!
Yes, do forget...
If you're in dire need, I could get you a job around here you know..
.... Could you give me some of your things?
I heard the rumors about you shooing away the ghosts!
Can't you see my shaking hands from fear of them ghosts?
I'll feel much better if you could just give me a button off your sleeve...
Sigh... Life is so tough these days.
Why did ghosts come along to bother me so.
I wish I had a lucky charm or something...
Why won't you give me one of your belongings so I could keep as a charm?
Come on, one sock could save a man's life, you know.
Cold hearted son of a...
Hmm. Look at my hands.
Less shaky, eh?
Isn't that so?
Humph! What do you want?
Oh dear... Forget about the thing back there.
You see, I was haunted by another ghost after you left...
No hard feelings..
Is this the source of your spirit?
It feels kinda cool!
Perhaps this will fend off some of them...
Anyway, thanks a lot.
I'll call for you first when a job opens up for you.
- Gave Woeon the Holy Water and Blue Gemstone.-
-With Woeon as last, I think enough Holy Artifacts have been given.-
Now... Let's get back to business.
Thanks to you, I don't see any of those darn ghosts.
Ha ha ha ha ha
Oh, hi there!
The Dealer and his Collection
^4d4dffThere is no Spiritual Protection to give to Woeon.^000000
Phew~ A new Spiritual Protection?
Is it an officially made protective charm? Imelda does some fine work.
I'm thankful to you as well, of course.
-Delivered Spiritual Protection to Woeon.-
-With Woeon as last, all Spiritual Protections have been delivered.-
Spiritual Protection?
Mine still works fine.
Very effective indeed.
Yes, I collect various by-products from monsters.
In fact, I'm collecting Jejellopys here...
It's too much for you.
Things can get pretty ugly around here, you see.
I'll let you have at it once you're stronger, my friend!
Oh, the Jejellopy collecting?
I have enough for today.
Come back again tomorrow.
Oh, yes yes.
You're going to collect Jejellopy today as well?
I know it's a difficult job... But you do it so well.
I'm too busy today.
Leave it to me!
Is that so? So it is then.
Come stop by when you need some work.
As usual, bring me 30 Jejellopys, please.
You can get them from the Jejelings.
Hmm? I don't think you have enough.
I asked you for 30 Jejellopys. Business is business I'm afraid.
Oh, you have the requested numbers?
I'll take them from here.
You have no need for them, right?
So I have all the Jejellopys...
Come back again!
As you can see, I'm a Collection Dealer.
I trade all kinds of monster or animal by-products.
They're used as materials for manufactured goods.
Of course, the most preferred in Port Malaya is from the monster Jejeling..
Jejellopy can be acquired from the Jejeling.
Can you get me 30 Jejellopys?
Yeah, sure.
Nope.
Is that so. Such a shame.
Come back when you need some work.
Good, I trust you can do it.
Remember, 30 Jejellopys.
...Gasp!
Go... Go away!
Please..
Couldn't you help a guy out here, just for the sake of it?
Do you really think ignoring me is the best option?!
Now look here.
Please give me just a peek..
It's just a button...
Hello there!
I've heard of your prestige.
I was wondering if I could receive something to prove that I've met you in person...
Oh... You're surprised because I'm suddenly so nice to you.
I heard the news you fought off the ghosts.
That's brilliant!
With an item of your spirit, it would scare away the ghosts, wouldn't it?
Please, be generous, I beg you...
Phew... Life is so tough these days.
Please...
Now that I have confidence, the only thing left for me to do is charge to the hospital or field for material!
Bu... But, I'm too scared...
Wh, what, you've finally decided to help me?!
You're going to give Pandoi a gift of peace?!
Great! I knew you'd come back!
Yes... Now that I have some of your spirit, I can rest well at night.
- Gave Pandoi the Holy Water and Blue Gemstone.-
-With Pandoi as last, I think I've given enough Holy Artifacts.-
Sil... Silver. I need silver, please.
I thought I could get the silver once the ghosts are gone, but I can't...
You know. " + $malayaNames$[1] + ". You are my hero for becoming stronger. I look up to you!
I've seen you, " + $malayaNames$[1] + " beating those Jejelings outside the town. The energy... I... I was so impressed!
You, " + $malayaNames$[0] + ", lit up my soul. It sparkles, you know. No? You don't?
As far as I can see, recently, " + $malayaNames$[1] + " is the most diligent person around. He's like a god of hard work.
Hello there?!
Silver Blade.
Silver Cross
I appreciate you taking care of the expiration dates of my Spiritual Protection.
I think mine's good for now. 
When it wear's out, I'll ask you for another one!
^4d4dffThere is no Spiritual Protection to give to Pandoi.^000000
Good. A new Spiritual Protection.
It's always good to know that you won't see those black things again!
-Delivered Spiritual Protection to Pandoi.-
-With Pandoi as last, all Spiritual Protections have been delivered.-
Hmm... To make a Silver Blade, you need silver.
I could melt Silver Bracelets to get silver.
Silver Bracelets can be acquired at the hospital.
However, I don't think you can make it right now. I'm sorry, it's just too much for you!
If you go in there like that... You'll never make it out alive!
Where are the Silver Bracelets?
I know you're invincible...
But I must have a Silver Bracelet to make a Silver Blade.
10 Silver Bracelets!
Regardless of how many of them you hinder, I need 10 Silver Bracelets!!
Now it is in your hands!
Respect, all the way!
You fought them off and brought the Silver Bracelets as well.
From this day on, I shall try to smelt a new silver weapon..!!
I will pound and beat at them until I am left with a fine silver blade in my hands...!!
It's not much, but here's something for the troubles you went through to get the Silver Bracelets.
If I fail... I'll ask of you the task again!
The village hospital holds the most hideous things inside.
I'm not sure what exactly... Whatever's in there, I'm not willing to go near it...
Please get rid of those rumored monsters and get those Silver Bracelets.
You're the only one I can trust!
I still have some silver to smelt.
I'll request more if I fail again.
Oh... what am I to do?
I've wasted the precious materials you brought back for me...
Maybe I'm not supposed to be a blacksmith!
I'm good with crafting silver, though!
I'll get you the materials. Cheer up.
Give up. It's a lot easier when you do.
... You're right...
I'll never be able to make a Silver Blade...
Give up... I thought you'd cheer me up.. I'm a little disappointed in you.
I knew I could count on you!
10 Silver Bracelets, please.
Pandoi will always smile at you~
*Grin*
Silver Blade!
It's great. Wonderful! The holy blade to carve all evil with one stroke...!
I want to be a noted blacksmith by making a Silver Blade.
However, I cannot get the materials.
I heard that they wore silver bracelets as recognition at the hospital.
But when I got there, it was not the hospital that I used to know.
Could you slay the horrible creepers and get me the Silver Bracelets?
Indeed!
No. Way.
I'll never make a Silver Blade...
Such plain expression of disgust. You know what? I hate the idea now.
I knew it!
Teach those things at the hospital some manners...
And bring back 10 Silver Bracelets, please.
You need Silver Crosses?
Pandoi will make them for you!
Still, I cannot create something out of the blue, so I'll be needing some silver.
I could make one Silver Cross for ^4d4dff2 Silver Bracelets^000000 the monsters hold there...
If you have Silver Bracelets, I could make Silver Crosses with them.
Make 1 Silver Cross
Make 6 Silver Crosses
Input Number
Quit.
You need at least " + (.@amount * 2) + " Silver Bracelets to make " + .@amount + " Silver " + ((.@amount == 1) ? "Cross" : "Crosses") + ".
How many Silver Crosses do you need?
I can make up to 50 at a time.
Don't need Silver Crosses?
Well, I can take a rest then. Ha ha ha ha~
A maximum of 50 at a time!
To make " + .@amount + " Silver " + ((.@amount == 1) ? "Cross" : "Crosses") + ", I need at least " + (2 * .@amount) + " Silver Bracelets.
I'll be here if you need me!
It'll take just a second.
Pandoi can do it in a jiffy!
Look at this!
Very nice indeed.
I should've been a craftsman, not a blacksmith!
Oh... This ship's not in service.
Or rather, it can't set sail. *Snigger*
I'm seeing ghosts. I think it's my time to die.
- Pedro the Sailor seems to have given up, but he can't take his gaze off of me.-
Oh, you're th... The one who fends off ghosts at the wave of a hand?!
Could you stay for a bit and hear me out?!
Sorry.
Oh, a solid denial.
You just impaled my last glimpse of hope.
Maybe I wasn't persuasive enough...
Straight to the point, this town is a den of ghosts!
Sigh... I've been a sailor for quite a while and went to a lot of places, but this I never experienced before.
You see that ship there?
It's a small ferry, but it also stopped service because of these darn ghosts!
It looks okay from the outside, but it's full of ghost, I tell ya.
But the way I heard it, they're afraid of you, right?
I see many have already asked you for some of your stuff for charms, huh.
Can I budge in that line too?
I need to have some sincere conversations with that ghost over there.
But the spirit is too strong for me to approach.
...........That was a lame story.
And it's not easy to give away your stuff to someone else.
Sigh...
This is so awkward.
Anyway, now that I have what they hate...
Now's the time to charge into my ship...!
^4d4dffPrepare and give Blue Gemstone and Holy Water.^000000
What? I can sense something refreshing in your hands. What is it?
You're giving it to me?
Ghosts will hate it?
That's wonderful news!
Pedro, at your service!
After you're finished with the ghosts here, I'll take on my ship to the end of the world!
- Gave Pedro the Sailor the Holy Water and Blue Gemstone. -
-With Pedro the Sailor as last, I think I gave enough Holy Artifacts.-
-Pedro the Sailor looks determined.-
Whoa... Did you see that?
Those black souls just came up and disappeared.
Well, living the dream, eh?
About the Ferry Ride
The Spiritual Protection you gave me before works fine.
I'm good for now.
It's still up for the fight!
^4d4dffThere is no Spiritual Protection to give to Pedro the Sailor.^000000
A newly made Spiritual Protection.
Alright. I'll go at them with this one today.
-Delivered the Spiritual Protection to Pedro the Sailor.-
-With Pedro the Sailor as last, all Spiritual Protections have been delivered.-
Hmm... Don't you remember me talking about ghosts?
The Ferry is full of ghosts.
Wait, was it one or many?
Whatever. For you and your current condition, it's out of the question.
Yes. You can't do it. You'll be dragged out in a body bag.
Now I'm not going to stand here and wait for that to happen. No way.
I'm sorry, but didn't I say something about ghosts over there?
It can't set sail because of that.
So what's this whole ghost story about?
Hmmm..........
It's a long story...
I'm listening.
Maybe later.
I knew it.
Though, it's not such a boring story.
After all, it is a ghost story.
The story goes back to when I first made port here.
It was a nerve racking first time as a liner manager.
I was ready to disembark when I saw something I simply could not believe.
Black haze was swarming to the port from all over town.
At first, I thought it was just a very thick smog.
As the days went by, it became clear as to what it was.
It was a swarm of souls.
A very unpleasant group of souls indeed.
Some were wailing some horrible cries around the Ferry about to set sail...
After that incident, that ship stayed on that spot until this day.
Why? Because they took over the ship! It's haunted!
If you don't believe me, see for yourself.
Then you'll believe me.
If you want to know, go and see for yourself and get on it.
Soul of a Little Girl?
What about all them bullying ones?
They came and went?
I don't understand.
Maybe the Leader Mumbaki will know what to do.
Hmm... A floral tribute to soothe the soul....
You want to hear its story after it calms down?
Well... Good luck.
It can't be helped for the Ferry to set sail again.
I can't go near it because of those mean ones.
Now I'm asking you to do this not because I can't be bothered,
but because I simply can't do it myself.
Did Mumbaki bless the flower?
I hope this works...
I wish you all the luck!!
I hope you can negotiate with success!
I'll take care of those rude ones outside the ship the best I can.
I see.
Perhaps the Ferry can move again...
Thank you for all you've done for us.
I'd better get ready to set sail then.
It's not much, but this is for you.
If we can get back in business, I'll take you to Izlude for just 1000z.
If you want to go to Alberta, use the big ship over there.
This little one goes to Izlude.
That will be 1000z.
Use.
That's a rip off!
What?!
How much do you pay for the Alberta Liner to get here!?
Call this a rip off... You think I'm doing charity?
The price is 1000 zeny.
I can't help you there~
Thank you~
Let's go before the ghosts come back!
You know what to do.
Gather the flowers and take it to Mumbaki to get an Offering Bouquet made.
Give the Bouquet to Miss Diwata to cheer her up.
....Thank you.
Diwata is calm!
I can even feel the difference out here.
I am always in your debt.
You know what? Why don't you do this on a more regular basis?
I think you kind of like doing it.
Ah, the thing is...
We can't go right now..
You see, the ghosts are back...
I'm fed up with nuisance.
I mean... Miss Diwata... Isn't feeling very well and, even with the Spiritual Protection
a normal person can't stand it.
I see. Take care then.
How about a Floral Tribute?
I'm glad you understand.
Hmmm. That would be nice.
If she can be soothed with flowers...!
Good luck.
- A creepy Little Girl is standing.
As our eyes meet, a chill runs down my spine with goose bumps all over. -
Are you here to bully Diwata too?
I won't have it!
-I was thrown out after the Little Girl's low creepy voice and flash from her eyes.-
Then who are they behind you?
You're one of them!
- Familiar souls are approaching Diwata. -
It's a misunderstanding!
You're from that..!
Just as I thought! You're afraid of me?!
Stand aside!
I need to talk to her.
I don't know why they're backing away...
You get out of my sight too!
-I was thrown out after the Little Girl's annoyed cry and flash from her eyes.-
Enough!
-I was thrown out after the Little Girl's resolute cry and flash from her eyes.-
You crawled back in?
Get out-!!!!!
-I was thrown out after the Little Girl's screeching cry and flash from her eyes.-
- The soul of Little Girl Diwata is looking at me fiercely.
No Offering Bouquet...!!!
-I was thrown out with a remote look from her.-
- The soul of Little Girl Diwata is looking at me fiercely. -
- The Offering Bouquet... -
Throw it to the Little Girl.
Slide it across on the floor.
- I threw the bouquet before she could toss me out, and she catches in surprise...
She won't toss me... far, now that she has the flower.-
- I slid the flower across the floor to her. She looks puzzled. -
What is the meaning of this?
You're not an enemy?
What? You're an outsider too?
Ha, so live ones are allowed and I'm not?
Now there's the stereotype of countryside people over outsiders.
I am so annoyed. I feel like wiping them off the map.
What? I shouldn't?
Why should I not?
I'm stalling the ship?
I was going to hear you out because of the flowers
but you're telling me lies?!
So you're saying that I brought these hillbillies on this ship
and that fighting with them is causing the stall?
... Hmm... Humph. It wasn't what I was intending to do.
But they're the ones who're getting on my nerves!
... I can't get off anyway.
Which means that I could feel bad again. Got it?
... I'll try to keep it in today.
It's not because I like the flowers or because I like having company!
It's because I was treated the same way as those cheap ghosts!
Now if you'll excuse me.
And I'll be clear. I'm not going to hold my temper for so long.
Now, g... go away!
I promise I'll be a good little girl if those hillbillies leave me alone.
If they bother me again, however, I won't be.
Surprisingly enough, I'm doing fine.
Of course I'm tense for when they return,
but, as always, I'll win.
Then the poor crew will cry again
I just can't calm myself down after a fight.
The flowers you bring makes me calm down.
.. It's not because I miss people or I like the flowers. Don't take it the wrong way.
Get lost!
What? Oh, it's you.
Those hillbillies came back again!
I'm going to kill them!
It's good to look at flowers from abroad~
Do all flowers from the warm parts of the world smell so nice?
Darn it! Have you come for more?!
What?
Oh. It's you?
I'm really depressed right now.
- Diwata reached her hands out as if expecting something. -
Give the Bouquet.
Hold her hand.
What do you think you're doing?!!??!?!!
Arghhhh - I have enough creeps around here, thank you!!
-I was tossed out with Diwata's thunderous cry.-
What? You want me to wave?
You didn't bring it?
You didn't?!?
Arghhh you just can't trust anybody! Anybody!
... Oh... Just as I thought!
My only happiness, my only peace of mind..!
Flowers from abroad~!
-Diwata seems to feel better. The atmosphere shifts to a more refreshing ambience.-
Tell Pedro the Sailor!
Diwata will be a goddess of sea, so set sail in my generosity.
Welcome to Baryo, stranger.
I am the soul guidance, protector of people and souls here at Baryo.
So, I'm a good leader Kiko in Mumbaki.
Give Cast-Iron Caldron.
Request Purification Ritual.
Exchange Jellopy for gold.
What cauldron?
As far as I know, you're not the one bringing it.
Poor thing.
do not live a life of lies.
Baryo is not a great place for smithy work.
So we always ask a favor to the forge of Malaya.
Bakonawa does not like loud noises.
That's why we beat the sturdy Cast Iron Cauldrons.
The Spiritual Protection is proof that I've got my cauldron,
so deliver it well. Okay? Good.
Oh, must be the cauldron I ordered.
But, where is it?
Are you mocking me?!
Yes, excellent!
Very Good.
We can aggravate the Bakonawa more with this.
I'll give you this for the cauldron.
I hear you're having some trouble with souls?
Take this. It will help you.
The only purification needed in this village is Vantai's food.
There are no rituals where an outsider, like yourself, can take part in.
Vantai must be hungry.
Go give it to him.
Quickly now.
Purification of the bones the Guard Dog Vantai needs to gnaw on?
My work here just gets better and better.
Go into the forest and fetch me ^4d4dff10 Evil Spirit Bones^000000 and ^4d4dff10 Holy Waters^000000 for the purification ritual.
I'll do the ritual myself.
Bones from the animals of this forest all have bad spirits within.
Of course it cannot be helped due to the malignant spirits flailing about...
You do this and do this here and there and...
There. The evil spirit has left and the bone is so pure that you can just chew on it.
Now, take this back to Dong the Guard.
Vantai will become stronger after eating this purified Evil Spirit Bone.
Moreover, holding on to Evil Spirit Bones will only do you harm,
so I'll take them all to purify.
Oh no you don't!
Don't you dare!
Hi there!
Welcome to Baryo.
You're job seems so hard~
Guard Dog Vantai
Not at all. I just watch who comes and goes from here.
Travelers are the ones who go through more hardship.
Vantai is a nice dog.
He's probably stronger than you.
No offense, but
you look weaker than the original owners of the bones Vantai chews on.
That means just about as strong as me!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
The bones you brought Vantai gave him a feast.
He'll be full and merry for a while now.
Nobody can beat Vantai in recon around here.
Though it is not nice to say a person is lesser than a dog,
but there are some who are lesser.
Vantai?
Always the same.
Now that you mention it, it's almost time for him to get hungry.
Of course, he eats normal dog food, but he can't go without those.
You know what I mean, right?
Smirk...
Me and Vantai are always waiting
for the hero to get us some Evil Spirit Bones from the forest.
What I'm saying is that, to be a good guard dog, he must be able to stand ground against evil spirits.
For that he needs to eat Evil Spirit Bones, but it must be purified before he can eat them.
You can get Evil Spirit Bones from monsters or animals in the forest.
Kiko in Mumbaki will purify them for you.
Kiko in Mumbaki asked for 10 Purified Spirit Bones.
He needs to have at least 10 at a time. Which of course does not last a day...
Hey, Vantai will love these!
It's all in good condition...
An evil bone purified through holy ritual...
This is the perfect dog food!!
Now he can sense and detect evil spirits,
and since he ate purified ones, he'll get the ability to eradicate them.
I bet he's the strongest living thing in the village now.
Of course not me. I mean Vantai.
This is your reward.
It would be very nice if you could help us again tomorrow.
Vantai is not only a guard dog, but he's also a great detector and recon scout.
But for him to do so, he needs to eat Purified Spirit Bones.
As you can see, I can't move from here,
so I was wondering if you can get the bones for Vantai...
Alright.
Vantai!
No treat for you today..!!
- It seems like Vantai's eyes are more moist today. -
Bones can be acquired from animals or monsters around here.
Take them to Kiko in Mumbaki for purification, which, in turn, can be given to Vantai to eat.
Bring us 10 Purified Spirit Bones.
That reminds me. You'll need Holy Water for the purification ritual.
Take your time.
Look here. Vantai likes it too.
Grrrrrrr...
(He is intimidated by you.)
Umm... Hey...
Oh, no, sorry. You don't look so strong or bold.
I'm sorry. I'm just not quite myself...
An anxious looking woman is stands.
Now that the children know that they can get back home with an Inside-out Shirt,
they play out in the forest recklessly and timelessly.
The children will surely get lost again in these conditions.
If it happens again, I'll seek your help again.
I'm missing a child... again.
Oh my goodness...
You came back.
Thanks to you, the child has returned home safely.
Although the shirt is inside-out, it miraculously brings them back to where they should be.
Thank you for delivering those precious shirts to my children.
I'm sure they're lost in the woods because of mischievous spirits.
Please give the child the ^4d4dffInside-out Shirt^000000 when found.
The Inside-out Shirts...
You can probably get them from the demons, since they ran away with them.
Hello... I'm looking for my child...
My daughter did not return.
Please help, I think she's lost in the forest.
I'm too busy right now.
You have so many children.
I'm sure she's lost in the woods because of mischievous spirits.
If she's cursed, it will be difficult to get her out of there.
She'll drift around in the maze so mesmerizing, even for you, in fact.
Acquire an ^4d4dffInside-out Shirt^000000 and give it to my daughter.
... Yes... I see.
I'll have to ask someone else.
...I ended up having triplets.
Even I sometimes get confused. *Chuckle*
They seem to be under a curse because one of them always get's lost in the woods..
He he, the forest is scary, but it's so much fun so I go there often to play~
Strange, how we always get lost.
But it's okay because I'm not the only one getting lost~
We're triplets~ And we're missing the other two~ Giggle~
Sigh. Are you lost too?
They are so naughty.
An Inside-out Shirt is just what I need.
*Chuckle*...
Oh, darn them.
They must have tricked me into getting lost again!
If I don't get back soon, my mom will be worried sick.
Sigh... I wish I had an Inside-out Shirt to go back.
Really?
It really is the shirt!
This will take me straight home!
Did mom send you?
She must be worried..!
I'll go home now!
Thanks' a lot!
I want to play some more.
I can always go back with this shirt.
Mom won't be concerned.
Hmmm. Am I lost again?
Where am I...
I'm sure I have to head in the direction of sunrise from the third tree to get home... Huh?
Why~ Do I always go in circles here?
Do you why, " + ((Sex == SEX_MALE) ? "mister" : "ma'am") + "?
What's with this road?
Is somebody trying to trick me?
Hey hey hey~
I am such a nice Capre~ Hey!
I am going to a fine cafe~YO!
I am better than yesterday~Hey!
I'm a fine rhyming Capre~Oh?
Hey buddy, You here to hear Budidai singing?
You like songs?
A profound study of one eyed monsters.
See ya!
Yup, Budidai loves singing.
Cows, horses, goats, roosters, boars all love my songs.
They're all friends.
Except for that one eyed Bongisungisu.
He picks on my friends.
I am annoyed, but Budidai is weak.
I fear it's single gaze, but I fear more the club he flails.
I have to sing my friends some songs, but they don't come because of him.
So Budidai, sings here.
Lots of travelers pass by.
Capre is a wanderer's buddy.
You're a buddy too.
You interested in that fiend, my friend?
It's just a bully of the forest!
It picks on my animal friends!
Sadly, singing is all that Budidai is skilled at.
I can't do anything about the scary gaze and the flailing club.
Bongisungisu! I get the chills just by being in the same forest with it...
But Budidai is weak.
You and me, wanderer.
We'll never make it.
Traveler, my friend!
Bongisungisu ran far far away.
Dogs, cows, horse, goat and rooster will come back to me, won't they?
But Budidai is worried.
The one eyed bully will return eventually.
Will you help me out again?
You, friend of Budidai
You won't turn you're back on a good Capre?
Astonishing, wanderer!
I could hear the pitiful wails of Bongisungisu all the way from here!
Budidai can sing again for his friends, yes?
Now, what can Budidai do for the kind wanderer, slayer of the one eyed monster?
Aha! Here's a talisman.
It will be good for you travelers.
Kind Capre is a friend of travelers.
I hope to see you again, wanderer.
This is a blessing for friends. Hey hey hey~
Please slay the destructive libertine Bongisungisu.
For me, a Capre to sing again for one's friends.
Hey, kind wanderer.
Bongisungisu, the one eyed debauchee is back!
What do I do? What should I do?
He gets angry when I sing.
But the horse, cow, goat, dog and boars love it.
It gives Budidai such a hard time.
Shall I take care of it?
That does give the chills.
Don't remind me.
My friends can't come and listen to my songs because of that behemoth.
It is so frustrating.
You'd teach Bongisungisu a lesson?!
Kind wanderer!!
Kick some libertine butt!!
Leave me wanderer~
Capre Budidai will sing of wonders~
You best everyone else~
You bring all them beasts~
Just go back to Kafra~
Blessing of the Kind and Good Capre~
A wanderer's friend the gift of Capre~
Cannot proceed because you have too many items in your possession.
Oh! Demons are gaining more and more power in this world.
We need to gather items to fight them off.
Ignore.
You don't seem to be strong enough to fight off demons.
Will you create a Greater Agimat of Ancient Spirit with 3 Lesser Agimats and 1,000 Zeny?
Create.
No, thank you.
Short on materials.
Hope you win the fight with the demon.
Can't make it now but there is an old way of making it handed down by generations.
You need to call upon the power of Ancient Spirits. But you'll need several important materials first.
What are they?
3 Lesser Agimats to hold the power of Ancient Spirits here and another special material handed down for generations.
But nobody can get this special item anymore.
Something money cannot buy?
No, no... It's this round little thing, you see?
Are you talking about Zeny?
Looks similar to the special items handed down from generations.
As long as we have enough of that, we could make the Greater Agimat of Ancient Spirit to fight against the demons.
In case you are too weary to take on the demons...
Come by with 3 Lesser Agimats and 1,000 of those so-called Zeny.
I will make a Greater Agimat of Ancient Spirit that will increase your attacks against demons by 10% for 20 min.
I spent 90% of my life studying Tikbalang.
But you look young?
What is Tikbalang?
Teach me how to catch a Tikbalang.
What! I might be imagining things.
I look younger than I am because of my baby face. Ha ha ha~
Trust!! They say faith will bring you luck.
Ha ha... You ask the right question.
I'm a specialist in that field. Ask me anything.
Why won't you answer me?
Have you... ever been fooled by anyone around you? Why can't you believe someone's word for it? Really, ask me anything.
I don't have any questions.
Characteristics?
Features?
Rumors?
Habitat?
I think this is enough explanation for now. You wouldn't understand other highly sophisticated topics with specific terminology and all anyway.
Oh! Do you have any other questions?
What do you think? Impressed at how much I know? Come by anytime when you have any more questions.
Tikbalangs have a way to confuse travelers when they meet them by making them turn in circles regardless of wherever and how far they travel.
They are mischievous creatures.
But of course there is a way to stop their pranks. You know about the Inside-out Shirt? You can either wear your top inside-out.
Or go on your way quietly without disrupting the Tikbalangs.
Ha ha ha ha~ But everyone knows adventurers are never quiet while they travel, right?
Never...
They say Tikbalangs have several distinctions.
First, they are very tall ^AAAAAA(tsk... wish I were tall)^000000 and have skinny, imbalanced legs and arms. Looks almost like a human but their knees are higher than their upper body when they sit down.
Second, is the standard characteristics acknowledged by the association. They have heads and feet like a horse.
So with all these appearance traits, Tikbalang is sometimes called the creature from hell.
There are several fun rumors about Tikbalangs.
One of them is about Tikbalangs being the guardians of some kingdom that worships nature.
So the Tikbalangs will trick travelers who come with bad intentions to the kingdom by making them travel in circles.
Another rumor is that people around here say that 'if it rains on a clear day, then it must be Tikbalang's wedding day'.
The association speculates that sayings like 'it rains on Bathory's wedding day' or 'it rains on Moonlight Flower's wedding day' might have derived from the Tikbalang's saying.
Lastly, ancient fairy tales say that Tikbalangs can transform into human form or even make themselves transparen't but nobody has verified this yet.
Tikbalangs usually live in dark, busy places where there aren't many people around.
Hmm... For example, they are known to live beneath bridges, in banana and bamboo forests and beneath large trees.
And this is just my opinion but wouldn't you agree that they are living in dark places because it is easier to play pranks on people?
Ha ha ha. Do you now know how great I am?
Oh! Isn't this material to make 'Tikbalang Belt' used to tame Tikbalangs?
The '^F80835Tikbalang Belt^000000' is used to capture Tikbalangs without the hassle. But that doesn't mean it's 100% successful. Interested? Do you want me to make one for you?
Yes, I'm interested.
No, I can capture one myself.
Yiiiiiiiiiiii! Yap!
Huh?
The '^F80835Tikbalang Belt^000000' is already created.
You? Ha... You can try if you want to.
There is the easy way and the hard way to capture Tikbalangs. Which one do you prefer?
Easy way.
Hard way.
Ha ha. I've come up with the easy way myself.
Bring me 3 Tikbalang's Thick Spines and 5 Lesser Agimats to make a '^F80835Tikbalang Belt^000000' to help you easily capture Tikbalangs.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
I will say it again.
It's 3 Tikbalang's Thick Spines and 5 Lesser Agimats. Understood?
It's easy for me but I don't know about you.
Tikbalangs have a sharp, pointy mane behind their neck.
Of course! There are several of them but you must get the three thickest ones.
These three manes are the weak point. You can tame a Tikbalang by pulling the manes out.
Now let me explain how to pull these manes out.
You must fly like a butterfly and land like a bee on the back of a Tikbalang.
Of course! The Tikbalang will get mad and try to shake you off with all its might.
All you have to do is hold on until the Tikbalang gets exhausted.
Then again, itll take 4 days and 3 nights for Tikbalangs to get tired since they are strong creatures. But let's not focus on too much details.
Which means!! The Tikbalang is already tamed.
I will upgrade your armor if you bring one that holds enormous power.
What kind of equipment do upgrade?
What are the required materials?
What will it become after an upgrade?
Please upgrade this.
Your questions are too simple, but!
Are also important.
^7B4772Bakonawa Scale Armor^000000 made from the scales of the Bakonawa monster known to swallow the moon.
Light but sturdy ^7B4772Kalasag^000000 made from rattan that grows wild around Port Malaya.
^7B4772Buwaya Sack Cloth^000000 made from the sack of the man-eating alligator Buwaya.
^7B4772Bangungot Boots of Nightmare^000000 imbued with the hatred and vengeance of the monster Bangungot.
As just mentioned.
I will make powerful armor out of ONLY the strongest armor dropped from fearful monsters.
Learned well.
Seems you learned that there is no such thing as free in life.
First thing to remember is that the object to upgrade must be strong itself. At least strong enough to endure ^FF0000+9 Refinement^000000.
Next is true strength that only comes out of power obtained naturally. I need ^FF000020 Ancient Grudges^000000 for protection from evil while Im refining.
When a ^FF0000+9 Refined Strong armor^000000 is combined with ^FF000020 Ancient Grudges^000000 for protection!!
You get a completely new and improved armor from old scraps.
Always look forward to this.
Listen, because this is a very important question.
It won't matter if I say it more than a 100 times that upgraded armor is powerful.
Unless the one that holds it doesn't believe it is! Ask about what has changed and decide for yourself!
There is no more.
Bakonawa Scale Armor
Kalasag
Buwaya Sack Cloth
Bangungot Boots of Nightmare
Looks like you ran out of questions.
Don't forget. You'll have to give up something to gain something.
The Bakonawa Scale Armor adds +1 to all stats for all jobs which is overall great armor for everyone.
But I'm sure the inner you thinks this isn't enough.
That is why +2 can be added to all stats and an extra slot for a card to your socket if upgraded.
Kalasag is a good shield to reduce damage from boss monsters by 1% per 3 refinements.
But not enough. Can't believe that a shield doesnt have a place to equip a card.
That is why I can add an extra slot for a card to your socket if upgraded.
The Buwaya Sack Cloth offers healing capacity and healing item effect increase by 1% per 3 refinements. Not to mention it reduces 10% damage from Water, Earth, Fire, and Wind elemental monsters.
But not enough. Can't believe that these clothes don't come with a place to equip a card. Everyone knows that clothes should have Raydric on them!
Don't worry! I can add an extra slot for a card to your socket if upgraded.
The Bangungot Boots of Nightmare increases +1 MDEF per 1 refinement and speed increases starting at 14 refinement and above.
The speed increase effect from shoes like Moonlight Flower Shoes and Sleipnir items are out of reach for ordinary people.
But of course, +14 refinement isn't easy but there is an easy way to get it.
By upgrading your shoes, you can get speed increase starting from +12 refinement!
And it doesn't end there!!
I will also put in an extra slot in your socket to add a card.
However, you'll have to give up something to gain something.
^0000FFEquipping the Kalasag, Buwaya Sack Cloth, Bakonawa Scale Armor, and Bangungot Boots of Nightmare all at once will lose the ^FF0000Set Effects^0000FF.^000000
Think it through. Next question?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Good!
You've brought the materials, right?
Oh... sorry...
Preparations are complete!!
Oh no!!
I will need an light but sturdy armor with an refinement of +9 or greater and 20 Ancient Grudges!!
You said all preparations are done and you give me this?! I need at least 20 Ancient Grudges to refine your item.
So what armor will it be?
You should wear the equipment to upgrade and not come without it on you.
What is this! You said you wanted to upgrade " + getitemname(.@item) + " but why are you giving me this? You should be wearing " + getitemname(.@item) + ".
No, the sturdiness of this item has not been tested yet. It'll have to be at least +9 refined for me to say, 'Oh this is pretty sturdy armor.
Looks like you did your homework! Don't see a flaw! Then I have one question to ask before I start refinement.
^0000FFOnce your item is refined, the refinement level will be ^FF00000^0000FF and the item will be upgraded.^000000 You get this part?
No.
What? You didn't know this? Then, read through my instructions and come back again.
Good. Next question. Once refinement is done,
Do you understand this point?
Awesome! Then let's start refining " + getitemname(.@item) + ".
Pow!! Wow!! Flip... flop!
BAM!!
Ha ha. Perfect.
Congratulations. Your armor is better than ever.
- From the wary looks on the guard's face, it is obvious he is at alert at the sight of you. He won't intimidate you but seems he won't even deal with you either. -
- Would there be anyone to talk to in the village? -
There is a small area called ^3131FFBaryo Mahiwaga^000000 outside of Port Malaya.
The place is closer to mother nature than what we have here.
On the other hand, the area is full of fierce monsters. Take care of yourself while you're traveling there.
There are more people leaving the village secretly these days. Are you also heading for the woods to look for the mysterious treasure?
I take that back. On second thought, I don't think a weakling like you would even dare to go there.
You'd better hold tight to your mommy's hand if you want to go outside of Port Malaya or else the monsters will eat you alive. Ha ha.
Is that why there are more outsiders here these days? Now don't be sneaky and a know-it-all. How would you know if I'd offered to take you around?
Treasure?
Are you ignoring me? Bah.
Oh, so you aren't here to look for treasure?
I hear people are talking about a mysterious treasure hidden deep in the woods.
Do you see that group of people over there? They always gather and talk about it every day.
Try talking to them if you are interested, too.
So the talk about treasure was just a rumor? I'm not asking because I want to be rich overnight. Ha ha.
- Look at you warily while whispering to each other. -
No, I heard they got lost in the woods.
Who would hide such a treasure from a small village like ours?
Could it been a monster? My grandma said there is a dragon with a huge head living deep inside the woods.
No. Listen to me.
You all know ^3131FFTotoy^000000? The kid living at the ^3131FFInn^000000.
Well, did you know Totoy came back from the woods recently?
Really??? He came back alive?
Yeah. But the strange part is that the troublemaker ^3131FFTotoy^000000 now quietly stays home and never comes out.
Why?
Don't you get it? Totoy must have found the treasure.
What!!!! Then ^3131FFTotoy^000000 is rich now?
I don't think so.
I saw ^3131FFTotoy^000000 come back home, but Totoy wasn't carrying anything.
But then, I must have missed it because I ran back home right away.
Then what is ^3131FFTotoy^000000 doing at home?
I think Totoy is making a plan to bring the treasure back without us knowing it.
To have the whole treasure for himself, that greedy kid.
Is that true?
The treasure would be in better hands with me ~
I would clean it every day so it shined and would use it as a beautiful ornament. Ah~~~
Then how about we talk to ^3131FFTotoy^000000 to spill the beans on where the treasure is?
Wow. That is an awesome idea. No wonder you're the leader!
But will ^3131FFTotoy^000000 give up the information easily?
Because Totoy was sneaky enough to think of getting away with taking the whole treasure.
Then we should convince ^3131FFTotoy^000000 to tell us where the treasure is instead of looking for it ourselves.
Ah~~~ it is so hard to get something pretty these days ~~~!!!!
- Better pay a visit to this Totoy to get more information about the treasure. -
- People are talking with serious faces. -
- See someone shaky with dopey eyes. -
Tap him on the shoulder.
Ignore him.
Wah! No! Go away! Leave me alone!
Hey, are you alright?
Huh... you're a person? Who are you?
- He looks you straight in the face but doesn't seem to recognize you. -
Who's there?
I am " + strcharinfo(0) + ". You are Totoy, right? People say you've found a treasure. Is it true?
What treasure?
I can't see. I'm blinded. Please help me. I'm tired and frustrated.
What happened?
Can't talk long. I need to heal my eyes first.
There should be some ^3131FFGreen Potion^000000 left inside the drawer. Will you take it out for me?
There should be some ^3131FFGreen Potion^000000 left inside the drawer. Will you get it for me?
Hello? Hey, are you still there? What happened to the Green Potion? Jeez, this is driving me crazy.
Hand over the Green Potion.
Do not hand over the potion.
Did you really leave? Hey! Darn!
Gulp, gulp...
I can see!! My eyes work!!!
Yay! I feel better now!
Wow! You look better than you sounded. Ha ha.
But what did you say? Something about a treasure?
Did you say I found a treasure?
What is that about?
Tell him what the people are talking about.
WHAT?
Puhaha! Totoy is rich! Became rich overnight! Chief Ed!
Sorry but I went to the woods to collect bugs. Wish I saw a treasure while I was at it. Hmph!
I did go deep in the woods because I wasn't getting anywhere with collecting bugs. But who would have thought I'd get into this mess?
What Totoy saw
About bugs
I only wanted to show people my collection of cute bugs. Ha ha.
Dropping ice or bugs down peoples clothes is just like a daily greeting, isn't it?
I love to see people run around the village like they are in a marathon. He he.
I thought people wouldn't run away because of an ordinary bug so I went in the woods with Ed.
Ah, Ed is my cute puppy. He's very nice and cuddly. My best friend in the whole wide world.
Ed usually barks a lot but I should have looked around when he barked and pulled on my sleeves.
- Totoy bends over and whispers to you as if walls have ears. -
There was a monster with a mouth the size of a house right behind me.
A monster?!
Shssh! Be quiet. I've never seen a mouth that big before. It was full of a river of saliva flowing out of spiky teeth. Just the thought of it makes me want to hide.
The scariest part is that the monster has two heads. You won't believe it till you see it.
Ed bit the monsters leg with all his might to let me get away. But I don't know what happened to him afterwards. Sniff~
That's when I hurt my eye. To tell you the truth I don't even remember how I came back.
About the monster
Don't know. It was the first time I saw a monster like that. Who could live to tell the story?
Wait, maybe the ^FF0000Master of Hunting^000000 might know about the monster. They say he fought with all sorts of monsters.
I need some time alone. I need to make a tombstone for Ed. If you want to meet the ^FF0000Master of Hunting^000000, you'll find him near the Weapon Store.
And tell everyone else to stop spreading rumors about treasure. They don't know what I went through. Sniff! I'm going to put Ancient Worms in everyones clothes!
I have to make a grave for Ed. My loyal friend, Ed...
If you want to meet the ^FF0000Master of Hunting^000000, you'll find him near the Weapon Store.
Can't believe you gave your life to save me. Wail!!!
- Totoy can't be lying when he's crying his heart out like this. -
Where I saw the monster?
Um... Hmm...
I was so busy running away...
It was really deep in the woods. Probably even past Baryo Mahiwaga.
I think I heard the sound of ^3131FFFlowing Water^000000. A large whooshing sound. This is all I remember.
Poor Ed. I miss Ed. Wail!!!!
Bark bark!!
Ed!!! You're alive!!!
You've come back!!! I'm so happy!!!!
Did you bring Ed back?
Thank you so much!
You didn't see the monster, did you?
The monster is called Buwaya. I told the Guard about the monster. You better not go near the place again.
Okay!
He he. Ed, the woods are too dangerous so we can't go there for bugs anymore.
Whimper...
But I'm sure we can find a way to keep our reputation with other creepy stuff!
Um... hey!
Totoy is a girl, and you are a boy.
You're not a boy?
Totoy is a girl, and you are a girl.
You're not a girl?
Is it because my name, Totoy? But that's the name my parents gave me thinking I would be a boy when I was born. Ha ha!
Anyway, thanks for bringing my best friend back.
I don't have much but would like to thank you. Wait, let me see what's inside my drawer. He he-
- Wait!! -
- You have too many items on you. -
- Cannot receive the item. -
- Clean up your items -
- And please try again. -
- Totoy goes through the drawer, turning it upside down. Making a mess of the room. -
Found it!
Here. My mom gave it to me but I don't know how to use it... He he.
I hope you can use it.
Visit me when you get bored!
Just don't ask about the treasure again~!
Woof woof woof!!!!
Ed went out to play so I'm alone.
Would there be something awesome to surprise people with?
- You look for the Green Potion in Totoys drawer. -
- Rummaging, fumbling. -
- Clunk, clank, crunch. -
What? I only see an empty potion bottle.
Does this mean I have to get the potion myself? That Totoy is really a troublemaker.
Oh! Ho! Ho!
I am the Master of Hunting! I'm not afraid of anything with just one exception! I'm afraid of outsiders...
Yo! Ho! Ho!
I went all the way to Rune-Midgarts Kingdom to defeat the Angry Minorous.
And I succeeded in killing Muka, the one with the voice of a demon that disturbs the peace of the world.
Wow! He was really tough. I'm starting to sweat just thinking of him.
Yo! You look like you have a few battle stories yourself. Have you ever seen a Minorous? Ha ha ha!
So you came here to learn all about my excellent hunting skills? Or to ask me to publish an essay on Master of Hunting? Ho!
About Totoys monster
Interrupt.
Oh? Hey! Where are you going?!
You say someone saw the monster?
There are many monsters in and out of Port Malaya. What is so special about this one?
About a monster with two heads
Ho! A monster with two heads, you say? Are you kidding? Where on earth is there a monster with two heads?!
The kid must have been scared by a Condor or something.
There's a saying that someone surprised to see a Permeter, will also be surprised to see a peach tree. Ha ha!
You shouldn't lie to an adult. I understand you want the Master of Huntings attention. Ha ha!
I will prove it.
Suspicious of Totoy.
Kids tell stories for their own reasons. I'm sure Totoy is the same.
Oh! Really? Bring proof if you really think the kid is telling the truth.
Every living thing leaves some kind of trace behind. You also leave behind traces and scents wherever you go. Especially in private places, I mean. He he!
Try collecting 10 Animal Samples from where the kid saw the monster. I will look for traces of that monster from the samples.
Oh, you're back!
Let's see if we have a monster in it!
I don't think there is a monster.
It was a kid's joke. Ha ha.
Bring me back samples if you want to prove there is a monster with two heads.
Argh! That's so foul.
You've really brought back the samples.
Ho! Leave it there and come back after washing your hands. Even god won't smile down at you with that stench.
Ho! Shall I?
- Wriggling, wiggling. -
- Sway, swag. -
Ho! This is!!
Wow! Ho! Ho! Ho! Awesome!!!!!!
You! Come here and feel this!
Don't just stand there. Touch the sample!
Hurry and tell the Guard Leader that Buwaya is active again. Hurry! You'll find the Guard Leader at the north of the village.
Snooze...
I don't see anything.
It can't be! Look closer!
- Felt something pointy with the end of your fingers. -
Ouch!
What is this?
Ho! This is huge! And so dense that it can easily scratch steel!
This is ^3131FFBuwaya^000000's tooth!
How could this be!
Buwaya?
Ah! Yes! Stop holding it up. It stinks. Go wash your hands.
Hmm. The monster the kid saw must be Buwaya. No doubt about it.
I've heard that the wife of the neighbor of my grandfather's uncle on my mom's side was also killed by Buwaya.
They say no living thing is left after Buwaya passes by.
Totoy is one lucky kid. Wow!
Buwaya was inactive for a long time. Wonder if it was hibernating? Hmm.
Now that I know that a monster like that is out there, I should be cautious, too.
Must tell the villagers not to go too deep into the woods.
Please go and tell the Guard Leader that Buwaya is active again.
I will contact other hunters in the meantime and think of a plan to kill Buwaya.
- You don't have to collect any more samples. -
- You see something entangled with soil and grass. -
- You are nauseous by the foul smell coming from the samples you are collecting. -
- You slowing and cautiously collect the squashy and slightly warm substance. -
It's warm as a mother's bosom.
We are busy as hell because of Bangungots servants attacking the hospital.
We are doing our best in securing the safety of our village so please enjoy your stay in Port Malaya.
Tell him about Buwaya.
Done with conversation.
Buwaya? The merciless creature is back?
That's bad news. We are already short-handed by assigning everyone to fight off Bangungot.
And villagers need to go to the woods to collect fruits and vegetables.
Hmm... will you be able to help Port Malaya?
I'm pretty busy myself.
Really? That's no good. All the lives of the villagers will be at stake if we don't do something. How can a youth like you be so heartless. Are all outsiders like you? Hmph! Can't trust young people these days. Hmph.
I knew I could count on you.
Good. I will trust you.
I need to know where Buwaya will likely appear in order to secure villagers living area.
Guess Buwayas nest will be the best bet.
^3131FFShoot a smoke bomb^000000 once you reach the area.
Then we will run to where the smoke bomb was shot.
Then take care and good luck.
Let's first bring Ed to Totoy.
The Guard Leader gave you the location of Buwaya's cave.
This can't be happening.
I'm way out of men to assign to the Buwaya situation but well have to do something with what we got.
Here, this is a symbol of our gratitude.
If you would like to help with Buwaya again, please look for me.
Hope you have a great journey.
Hear Buwaya appeared from the depth of the Forest.
As everyone knows, all our manpower is dispatched to handle Bangungots servants attacking the hospital recently.
That is why we have no choice but to ask an outsider to help eliminate Buwaya.
They say Buwaya is a very strong and ugly monster with two heads.
Will you help us defeat Buwaya?
Buwaya is known to be a very dangerous monster.
There is no shame in rejecting this request.
This mission will be a dangerous one.
If you want to help get rid of Buwaya, you must be prepared.
Come back once you reach LV 130.
According to the legend, Buwaya kidnaps people and puts them in the sack on its back and then eats them later.
Keep this in mind and be cautious at all times.
I recommend asking trustful colleagues for help.
How is it going with the Buwaya situation?
I give up.
Still fighting.
Can't believe you really got rid of Buwaya!
You aren't just any ordinary youth, aren't you? People of Port Malaya can now sleep at night.
Good work.
I will not stand down until all of Port Malaya, including Baryo Mahiwaga, is safe from Buwaya. Promise to take care of yourself.
Why is a dog here?
Look closely at the dog.
Ignore it.
Looks like a lost dog.
- Looked real hard at the dirty dog and noticed an old collar on its neck. -
- The collar says, 'Forever with Totoy'. -
So you are Ed?
Bark bark!
You didn't get killed by Buwaya. You lucky little dog. Let's go back to your owner.
Ah, before we go, do you happen to know where Buwaya's nest is?
Woof!
- Ed is one smart dog and understood what you asked him. Ed started to bark towards the north. -
Buwaya is over there!
Then I should shoot the smoke bomb here.
- You take the smoke bomb out of your inventory and shoot towards the sky. -
^FF0000- Shoook-^000000
Job well done!
So Buwaya lives in remote place like this. I will make sure this information goes to the Guard Leader!
Should I return Ed to Totoy first and then go see the Guard Leader?
Lets first bring Ed to Totoy and then go back to the Guard Leader.
Story of dragon that lives at a lake~
Story of an old lady
that became a dragon long ago~
Waiting for the son that left for a foreign land,
my son will return
when that moon sets for the 90th time
The moon sets for the 89th,
The moon sets for the 90th,
The moon sets for the 191st...
That moon has taken my son away~
That horrible thing
has swallowed my son,
and I will punish that moon~
The day the furious moon hides itself from sight,
the whole world will be flooded with rain
with all the villages and people facing death under water~
The old lady's curse made the moon furious~
Get rid of the old lady to calm the moon~
If only the old lady wasn't here, If only the old lady wasn't here...
I hear rumors~
The old lady threw herself into the lake~
the old lady, now turned into a dragon, will swallow the moon
and soon swallow the village too~
You say the legend is all a lie?
You mean my ancestors are all liars
and swindlers?
This village is built on an old legend
and history.
They are not the kind of people that will be shaken by
foolish words of an imbecile such as yourself.
Bakonawa that live at a lake,
story of an old lady that became a dragon.
The son that was suppose to return after the moon sets for the 90th time
never did come back even after the moon had set for a few hundred times~
The moon has swallowed the old lady's son~
The moon, the moon, you shall receive the old lady's curse~
The whole village was immersed in death
with rain and floods sent by the furious moon~
The moon, the moon, be still and be calm,
for the old lady is gone and she is no more~
The old lady has drowned in the lake~
She will transform into Bakonawa and come back...
...to swallow you and
punish the village soon~
The day the moon dies
is the day the village dies too~
The legends are all a lie?
Why do you say such nonsense?
Is there nothing
that is important for you to protect?
Poor Bakonawa...
I would be happy
if she took a big bite out of someone like you!
- He seems cautious of you. -
The vicious monster Bakonawa will soon come
to swallow the moon and take vengeance upon the village.
I'm scared, please help...
The legend of Bakonawa is all a lie?
So that means Bakonawa doesn't exist?
I'm going to play with my friends at the lake later.
You told me it was all a lie right?
- She seems cautious of you. -
It is said that Bakonawa hates loud noises.
Pound the pot if you want to live!
Hates loud noises?
What is Bakonawa?
You already heard that the old lady
died and became Bakonawa, right?
The legend has it that
the old lady had very keen hearing
because she was always focusing on
the returning of her traveling son.
So naturally, Bakonawa also
has very keen hearing.
The reason why everyone is banging
pots and pans is because of this.
It is a terrible monster that lives at a lake.
We are all trembling with fear
because we don't know when it might attack the village.
Some say that it is more obsessed with swallowing the moon
than attacking the village.
if that's the case, I wish it would just swallow the moon
and leave us alone.
The villagers hate you now.
You've been saying that legend of Bakonawa
is a lie and they are saying you are more of a monster
than Bakonawa.
- Old Fortune Teller seems cautious of you. -
You must not hate Bakonawa.
The hate against it is only feeding its rage
to grow bigger.
To calm the dead lady's anger,
we annually hold a ceremony and prepare food.
But there seems to be no way to calm the
ever growing anger of the old lady.
The day is nearing. I can sense it.
Bakonawa will soon swallow the moon
and come to punish the village.
How can you say the legend is a lie!
Because of you, the fury of Bakonawa
grew even larger!
If the village perishes,
it is all your fault!
You cannot start the conversation. You are carrying too many items. -
There is something that needs to be done
but you look too fragile
to give me a hand.
Come back when
your strength grows strong enough
to match Incubus.
The old lady has come back
to life as Bakonawa.
Soon she will come to take vengeance on the village.
We must calm her
if to prevent further destruction...
Calm Bakonawa?
Further destruction?
The old lady faced an unjust death
because of villagers' selfishness.
She was a caring mother who loved her
son dearly.
If we track the whereabouts of her son and hold a ritual
with her son's belongings,
her restless soul will be calmed
and she will spare us from destruction.
It is no use sir!!
You cannot stop the monster that way!
Of course, it will not be easy to track down the whereabouts of a person
who has been gone for a hundred years.
Still, don't you think
it is worth a try?
Please help us and save us from our misery.
It is no use.
I'll help.
Yes, you are also right.
You are up against not a human,
but a monster.
Still, I trust in that old lady's
good heart.
Will you do it?
According to the legend,
the old lady's son was limping
and was a traveling merchant that sold wooden dolls.
There is a ^FF0000Slate Piece^000000 he left.
But the piece is small and damaged,
its hard to identify it.
First, bring it to me.
Down along this path
you will meet my granddaughter near the port.
Get the Slate Piece from there.
The grudge against the people of
Bakonawa- I mean, the dead old lady.
The moon and this village...
She will try to destroy it.
Take vengeance? After all these years?
For some time, she has
blamed the moon and
resented the villagers.
The feeling grew larger as the time passed.
Why do you think she became such a monster?
What do you think went through her head
for years and years?
Anger and vengeance.
Unforgettable grudge
that she was abandoned.
against the moon and the village.
This is why this grudge must be resolved.
Please bring the ^FF0000Slate Piece^000000.
Good, you have the Slate Piece.
Hold on to it and don't lose it.
It will be of helpful in tracking down the legend.
I heard there is a man that lives by himself
at the end of northwestern part of Forest Field.
I heard someone saw a wooden doll there.
It is such a remote place that people like us
simply cannot travel there.
Could you visit the place for us?
Go there yourself!
Your explanation is too vague.
On my way!
You twisted youth!
You have a point, but
this is the best I can do for now.
The place is at the end of northwestern part of the forest.
After you pass the bridge and travel west,
you will see a person.
You have a good heart young man!
You will see a ^0000FFMalaya Immigrant^000000.
Good luck to you... for our sake...
The track of the old lady's son
is connected all the way to
Baryo Mahiwaga?
There is a chance he wasn't a merchant...
I'm really curious about who he was...
Why did you come back here
instead of going straight to
Is that really true?
Bakonawa turning into an old lady
and fabricating the legend...
It seems all the villagers up until now
have been manipulated by that terrible monster.
There is no reason to hesitate then.
You must go into Bakonawa's lair
before it attacks first.
I believe we can trust you to do this, yes?
Well...
Of course!
The atmosphere was really good
but suddenly it's all ruined.
I didn't expect you to be so shy...
I will speak to
the village chief for you
so that you can enter the Bakonawa Lake.
Please get rid of this monster for us.
If you don't mind,
could you lend a hand to the Village Chief?
Nobody cares for each other anymore
because of Bakonawa...
The legend that
we believed for a hundred years,
all lies....
You must have a brave heart
to come to such a remote place.
How is Port Malaya these days?
I heard the monster that lives at the lake, Baknoawa
is threatening the villagers.
I am in the dark about what is going on because I'm here all the time.
Are you the traveling merchant who used to sell Wooden Doll, right?
I don't know about any traveling merchant, but by Wooden Doll
(going through things) do you mean this?
I don't know about the specifics, but
I think it's related to what I heard long time ago.
What are you doing here?
Do you know about this Slate Piece?
Please tell me the story.
Who is the traveling merchant?
I liked the environment here
so I decided to stay and live.
There is no obligation here.
To me, that's as good as heaven.
It is a very old Slate Piece.
I'm sorry but I never seen this before.
There is some kind of writing here
but I can't make it out.
It's a simple story.
^0000FFA wounded man who I had never seen before^000000
^0000FFcame to my house and asked for help.^000000
^0000FFOnce healed, he made a Wooden Doll^000000
^0000FFthat is suppose to chase away evil spirits ^000000
^0000FFas a token of gratitude,^000000
^0000FFand left for Baryo Mahiwaga.^000000
He left for Baryo Mahiwaga?
According to what I've heard
that's correct. But the story has been
passed on from mouth to mouth for a
long time. I can't be sure.
From Baryo Mahiwaga village, using keyword ^0000FFMalaya^000000,
or ^0000FFBakonawa^000000,
maybe I could find out the identity and whereabouts
of the traveling merchant.
Well, there is a lack of information
so I can't make say for sure but
I'm skeptical if he was in fact even a merchant.
Coming to a town with a
critical wound seems too suspicious...
And craving a Wooden Doll
could be seen to have some kind of ritualistic meaning.
Protecting one from some evil force...
that kind of thing.
Identity of the traveling merchant...
Looks like there is one more
mystery to be solved.
I suppose it will all come to light
soon enough.
I will tell you again slowly
the story that has been passed on.
Listen carefully and repeat...
no, I mean, you don't have repeat it.
^0000FFOnce healed, as a token of gratitude, he made a Wooden Doll^000000
^0000FFthat is suppose to chase away evil sprits.^000000
^0000FFThen he left for Baryo Mahiwaga.^000000
Have you been to
Port Malaya?
I am curious to know
what is going on there
but I can't travel because there are monsters everywhere.
Wooden Doll?
There is a tale related to that,
but you didn't come all the way
just to hear some folktale right?
I just came here to take a break.
Tell me the tale.
You must have a lot of free time on your hands!
I'm no travel agent
so go bother someone else!
It's baloney
so I don't really remember the details.
Long time ago, 5 swordsmen fought
against the monster Bakonawa.
Four died and one left a critical wound
to the monster but in return
sustained a serious wound in his leg himself.
After escaping the scene, Bakonawa transformed into a human
and secretly pursued the swordsman.
The swordsman made a Wooden Doll that
can keep the monster from approaching.
This is the end of story.
Without any conclusion...
I heard there is a record that the swordsman left
but I don't understand why
he would leave it here in such a distant place
here instead of Malaya.
I wish to see the record.
The record is engraved on the stone ahead.
However, the stone is so badly
damaged and some pieces fell out that
it will be hard to make the words out.
Investigate the stone ahead.
The stone ahead holds a record that
a swordsman from a long time ago left.
Where did this swordsman go after?
Tell me the tale again.
Well, there is no story after that so
I guess nobody would know what happened.
on the monster but in return
I suppose you wish to hear the story again right?
No problem! I can tell this story forever!
The damage is so severe
that the record is unidentifiable.
When inserting the Slate Piece
to a hole on the wall, it fits perfectly like a piece of puzzle.
The letters are not clear but you can still read it.
Here is the record left by a swordsman
from a hundred years ago.
I don't need to read it.
Read the record again.
I remember the story clearly.
Let's tell the ^0000FFOld Legend Teller^000000 in Malaya
about what I discovered.
After fighting with Bakonawa, I sustained a critical wound
and came to this place.
Only thing I can do is
Place the Wooden Doll in one place
the monster would come.
^0000FFSometimes transforming into a child, or even a old lady,^000000
I know that ^0000FFBakonawa^000000has been
chasing after me in secret to kill me.
Because of that critical injury the monster * sustained,
** it will need nearly a hundred years
for Bakonawa to absorb the power of the moon
to fully recover its power.
Beware of the day the moon disappears.
The day will come when Bakonawa
will run amuck.
But it will take nearly a hundred years to fully recover its power.
There will always be someone better than me
to defeat the vile creature.
I will place my trust in the one that will replace me ages from now...
How could this be...
Lie told by Bakonawa when it turned into an old lady
in order to take revenge on the swordsman
turned into a legend after all these years.
I found out that Bakonawa
is nothing but a blood thirsty monster.
I must tell what I know to the ^0000FFOld Legend Teller^000000
in Malaya.
Grandpa believes
Bakonawa can
turn good.
Do you think it's possible?
^FF0000Slate Piece^000000?
Why would you need something
that is barely recognizable?
I'll give it to you if you want.
Let's go to the
^FF0000Old Legend Teller^000000
now that I have the Slate Piece.
Please take this Slate Piece
and deliver it to my grandpa.
Because of Bakonawa,
the village is always unpeaceful.
Do you know how many people have been
sacrificed by Bakonawa?
I will fight on my own if I have to!
It is too dangerous to fight against
Bakonawa. There is a chance
it will get more angry and put children and
elders in danger.
I lost my father and my friend
to that Bakonawa.
I will surely revenge them!
I'm desperate for a helping hand
but you look
too weak and fragile.
Please come back when
you grow strong enough
I'm don't know what's the right decision.
To fight against Bakonawa,
or calm it by offering it a sacrificial gift.
The legend was all a lie?
were manipulated by that vile monster.
Recently, there have been more people that have
been harmed by Bakonawa.
There are some missing villagers
but I can't find out if
they are simply missing or if they have been
killed by Bakonawa.
I heard that the belongings of the missing people
are being found at Baryo Mahiwaga Field.
Please go there to find ^0000FFLost Belongings^000000
and give them to the families of
the missing people
in whatever amount they want.
^0000FFLost Belongings^000000
are said to be carried by
^FF0000Tiyanak^000000 that roams Baryo Mahiwaga.
Do it yourself.
I'm on my way.
You give me a lot to think about.
Leave the village at once.
Let's start then. First,
retrieve two ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000 from Tiyanak
and take them to ^0000FFMissing Person's Father^000000
for me.
From Tiyanak that roams Baryo Mahiwaga Field,
retrieve two ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000
and deliver them to ^0000FFMissing Person's Father^000000
Retrieve Seven ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000 from Tiyanak
and deliver them to ^0000FFMissing Person's Friend^000000
Retrieve three ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000 from Tiyanak
and deliver them to ^0000FFMissing Person's Son^000000
Retrieve five ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000 from Tiyanak
and deliver them to ^0000FFMissing Person's Mother^000000
So it's clear that all the missing people
have been killed by Bakonawa.
Kill Bakonawa!
Let's get rid of the monster ourselves!
It seems we would no longer be able to
hold rituals to calm Bakonawa.
Young Fortune Teller is looking for your help
saying that the energy of the moon seems strange.
I know that terrible things happened
long time ago when the moon disappeared.
I hope the moon recovers its strength
with your devoted effort.
I will tell the
Young Fortune Teller to help you.
But before that, there is
something you must do immediately.
We never know when Bakonawa will attack
the village so we must set traps near the village
entrance and near the cave.
I would be grateful if you help us.
I have dispatched workers
near where traps will be set up,
so you just have to visit about 5 places.
Sounds like too much work.
Sure thing.
This operation means life and death to us
yet you refuse it easily as if
it was some kind of a chore...
What a hero!
The first trap will be set up at
Baryo Mahiwaga Field
near the village entrance. ^0000FFGruffy Worker^000000
will be waiting for you. He will be very helpful.
The second trap will be set up
near a place where it connects from
Baryo Mahiwaga Field to Bakonawa Lake.
^0000FFGrumpy Worker^000000
The third trap will be set up
near Bakonawa Lake Entrance.
^0000FFCowardly Worker^000000
The fourth trap will be set up
near the entrance of Bakonawa Lake as well.
^0000FFGloomy Worker^000000 will be waiting for you.
He will be very helpful.
The fifth trap will be set up
near the entrance of Bakonawa Lake too.
^0000FFSentimental Worker^000000
It looks like the traps are all set up.
We just finished our village meeting on
what to do about Bakonawa.
We have concluded that
we will fight against Bakonawa.
Please help us by
attacking his lair.
Would you visit ^0000FFOld Legend Teller^000000
when you have a chance?
I think you would be able to help him.
Please think of the countless victims
and defeat Bakonawa
for their sake.
Please find our
child.
Bakonawa would have not harmed our child.
He must be around here somewhere.
You are looking for two of his ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000?
Are you confident that
he already died?
This... is our child's ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000
for sure.
The monster got to him after all....
The man is unable to continue as he tries to hold back his tears.
Let's continue to find the lost belongings of the missing people.
Let's retrieve them from Tiyanak that roams Baryo Mahiwaga Field,
seven ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000
and deliver them to ^0000FFMissing Person's Friend^000000.
My baby... my poor baby...
Retrieve seven ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000 from Tiyanak
Please find
my friend.
We were playing ball together
and suddenly my friend disappeared.
I'm sure he is alive and well
somewhere.
You are looking for seven ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000
of my friend?
My friend is not dead!
These are marbles and toys I gave him...
These are clearly ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000
of my friend... Where is my friend?
Bring him here, bring him here now!
Bring back my friend!
Bring back my friend now!
My friend is alive,
It's all a lie, sob~
Leaving behind the crying boy,
let's continue to find the lost belongings of the missing people.
and deliver them to ^0000FFMissing Person's Son^000000.
Bakonawa has hurt my father?
I can't believe this.
Please find my father!
You are looking for three ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000
of my father? Why lost belongings and not my father?
No, that can't be it. He is alive somewhere!
These are clearly his clothes and shoes...
These are ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000 of my father.
Oh dear lord... father!
Why did such a thing happen....
Man crying in agony.
and deliver them to ^0000FFMissing Person's Mother^000000.
Please find my child.
I sent her out to do a chore
and she still isn't back.
You are looking for five ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000 of my child?
What does this mean?
Are you saying my child is dead?
This is my child's hair comb.
Why do you have five ^FF0000Lost Belongings^000000 of my child?
Why...? She's... dead?
No wait... I think I hear her voice.
She's going to be home soon. I should go home now.
I should prepare a dinner for her. She must be starving.
Ha ha...
A mother that has gone mad...
Now that I finished finding the missing people,
I should report back to the Village Chief.
Ha ha ha... I can hear my child's voice,
just listen closely.
Can't you hear her calling her mother?
Ha ha ha...
The energy of the moon grew weak.
The reason there are more monsters,
and the reason there are more victims,
is all because of this.
The energy of the moon grew weak for a couple of days.
and the reason there are more victims, is all because of this.
I'm trying to hold a ritual
that will restore the moon's energy by sacrificing monsters' blood,
so I need you to hunt fifteen ^FF0000Tikbalang^000000
at Baryo Mahiwaga Field.
It's none of my business.
You can count on me.
You are so selfish!
During the ritual,
I will pray for your bad luck too.
Hurry.
If the moon completely disappears,
there will be a great disaster.
It looks like you took care of ^FF0000Tikbalang^000000
well enough.
I think I can start the ritual now.
There are some items that we need, please go to
the Village Chief for help.
I need you to hunt fifteen ^FF0000Tikbalang^000000
On the day when the moon fully disappears,
the dragon will attack the village.
No one will be safe.
The Village Chief told me to
wait for you here.
The trap will be set right in front.
Walk forward a little.
You can find the
Grumpy Worker near where
Baryo Mahiwaga Field connects to Bakonawa Lake.
Go and set up the trap together.
Are you trying to advertise that
there is a trap here? Step aside.
I should set up the trap
right about here.
Using the tools like this
bang bang bang!
The trap is now set.
The trap has been set up here.
This trap is not meant to capture you,
so move.
Go there to him.
Village Chief told me to
Sooo boring!
A hole needs to be dug up in front of here?
I have to dig too?
Says who?
Go find the Cowardly Worker
near the entrance of Bakonawa Lake.
Come on, move it!
I set up the trap
and you are advertising that it's here.
Scram!
I really don't like it here!
With this pickax,
dig dig dig!
Are you trying to test
with your body if the trap works?
Move aside!
Why me? I have a bad feeling about this....
set up a trap in front of here?
Village Chief said I have to help too?
Can you please do it by yourself?
Go up and you will
find the Gloomy Worker.
Go! You scare me.
You look like you are going to beat me up.
Go away!
What if Bakonawa
appears because of you?
I'm scared to death!
There is nothing weird
buried here right?
Using the shovel, dig dig dig!
Step aside immediately!
Bakonawa might find out this is a trap
and come for us.
Village Chief told me to wait for you here.
He must want me to do something.
Whew...
set up a trap on the left side?
I don't think it will be much use...
Whew, I should've moved away or something...
We are all gonna die anyway by Bakonawa.
This is pointless.
Just go up the path and you will find
Sentimental Worker.
Bakonawa is going to attack us anyway.
What pointless work...
Just catch this net,
throw throw!
Though I doubt it will be much help.
The trap is meaningless.
See? It doesn't even work.
Is there a some kind of surprise event?
My heart is beating faster~
Wow! So we are going to work together
to set up a trap behind this place?
This is sooo cool!
This is the coolest thing in the world!
Now that the trap is set,
Are we going to report back to Village Chief?
Oh what fun!
It sounds so exiting!
More I think about it, more exited I get.
I'm secretly guarding the trap!
I want to hear out loud.
I have a trap in front of me! Ha ha ha ha~
Wow! This really is a perfect place
to set up a trap.
I'm going to throw the rope!
Here goes the rope!
Let's go to the Village Chief
now that the trap is set.
The trap is set here.
Try out the trap first!
I'm so curious
what would happen!
It's going to be so much fun!
Seafood and Black Bean Sauce Noodle!
Just boldly tell me
what is it that you want!
Reset all quests
Just before the end of first quest
Reset secondary quest
Distribution of lost belongings
Just after hunting
Here you go!
A talisman?
I think you should search for something else.
A talisman and a person?
I did see the talisman but I didn't go near it because I got a bad feeling about it.
Oh!
Speaking of talismans, wouldn't that old lady know about them, since she put some around the village?
I think it'll be a good idea to ask her.
Speaking of talismans, wouldn't that old lady know about them, since she put some around the hospital?
A shaman... Best if we met her.
You must have met her.
I feel something strong...
Tell her about the talisman.
Yes!
I have an idea.
How about we stick that one over the one we saw on the 2nd floor door?
Maybe it will block the bad energy it's giving out.
*Sigh*...
I thought it strange when you were standing behind me....
I didn't think you'd do something like this.
We were just about to enter Bangungot's room, before we were thrown out...
Bangungot?
Nurse Maenne?
Nurse Maenne
Bangungot
Enter the hospital.
Hmmm...
- Wait !! -
- You have too many items. -
- Cannot receive item. -
- Please lighten your bag -
- and try again. -
- You are carrying too many items. -
Go outside.
Tsk...
It's a vicious monster roaming this hospital.
Hmmmm...
It's not exactly a monster....
More like a curse or disease...
There's a story saying that it used to be a wood fairy.
Anyway, it doesnt change the fact that she killed the patients of this hospital and turned them into monsters.
Me?
As you can see, I'm the new nurse here.
I'm a nurse who specializes in 'this' kind of work, instead of looking after patients.
The Bangungot pretended to be me?
Seeing how much it rattled you.
It's a rather smart one.
Simply said, I cure unnatural phenomenon around hospitals.
Many things happen in the world.
She may have rooted here deeper than I thought.
I can still feel her presence.
What you killed was a part of her...
But, it was a big help since you confused and damaged her at the same time.
It makes things a lot easier.
It would've been easier if she was apart from her body, but now that she returned to her room, this is going to be a little tricky.
Of course, don't you dare walk away from this, since you disturbed my job and led her to her room.
If you make it to the 2nd floor door, I'll open a small door to her room for you.
After that, she's all yours.
People of this town are too cautious of outsiders.
I'm sure they have their reasons, but I wish they'd tell me how to get closer...
There's a nurse outside the hospital holding a large bag.
I don't think I can help her.
Hey, hold on.
Are you planning on going inside?
Oh~
I'm so glad!
I was literally waiting all day for someone to some by.
About the hospital
Reason for stalling me
This hospital is the only one in town.
And it's going to be my new job.
I heard it was just built, but it seems so creepy....
I was surprised when I got here too.
It says 'closed' all around it!
Reason for stalling me.
I was told that they needed nurses in this town,
so I came here after turning down numerous proposals.
I'd heard they were really cautious of outsiders...
Not even a soul to welcome me, let alone a party!
Shocking!
What's more, I made it here after being lost and now I'm facing a creepy and locked hospital!
Yes, you must be busy.
Oh, well.
I'll let you be on your way.
Don't mind me. *Sob*
Oh, I see...
Now that you say it... If you're going inside, could you take me with you?
Doors are locked!
My bags are heavy!
And my legs are killing me.
If I knew this was going to happen, I would've worn ER night-shift shoes instead of first-day shoes... *sniff*
Help.
Don't help.
*Sob*
I guess this world is still worth living in.
You are too kind.
I'm 'Las', who's supposed to work in this hospital.
By the looks of it, though, I may become jobless...
Let's start by getting inside.
Before that....
Could you get something to wrap my feet? I can't put my shoes on because I've got blisters.
2 Rotten Bandages should do to wrap both my feet. They may look dirty, but they have special liquid on them that have amazing effects.
Oh......
I know they're effective but... Not so tempting.
Rotten Bandages... A fit name for something that seems to have been cut fresh from a mummy.
I'm having second thoughts looking at them, but as I am to be a professional nurse!!
Here goes nothing!!!
Ewwww!!
*Squish*
*Squelch*
Before that...
2 Rotten Bandages should do to wrap both my feet. They may look dirty, but they have special liquid on that have with amazing effects.
Ahhhhh...
My feet feel a lot better now, but it smells funny.
Oh...... the smell......
My new shoes will be ruined...
Okay!!!!!!
I don't know if it's locked or stuck, let's try pushing it together!
We pushed and pulled, but it won't budge.
Strange~
They wouldn't have sent me to a closed down hospital.
Hmmm!
I can't stand it anymore!
Could you ask the townsfolk about the hospital while I contact HQ?
Hey, why don't you start with that girl over there?
Perhaps she'll tell you something.
What did she say?
Tell her what she said.
Strange.
HQ confirmed that I am assigned here.
Maybe that girl doesn't know about this place?
HQ couldn't have sent me here and be lying about it. Could you ask someone else in town?
I'll contact HQ again for more info.
Hey, why not ask that man over there?
I'm sure he'll know something.
An inn?
Good gracious!
If they'd have told me earlier I wouldn't have had to stand out here for so long!
Ummm......
Hey... you know what...
I don't think I can move anymore because of my feet. Could you go to the inn for me?
I can't carry my bags around so I'll stay here and watch over them while I treat my feet.
I have to be back here again anyway.
Hey~
How'd it go?
Hand over the key and message.
Keys?
Well this is one step closer to my goals!
Let's open the door right now!
That's weird~!
The door's not locked?
How can this be?????
Oh no!!!
Everything's falling apart.
Maybe we should wait for the doctor to come.....
*Snigger*
You're not getting in the hospital.
Who's there?!
That's a secret~
My mom will kill me if she knew I was here!
About entering the hospital.
About it's mom.
About ???
A few days ago, the old lady who lives near us went around the hospital sticking some kind of sticks into the ground.
She was mumbling and looking around a lot.
I was well hidden here because I wasn't supposed to be here.
My mom once told me.
The old lady's daughter was hospitalized here.
She never got out of it though...
She wasn't the only one. There were many strange things going on at the hospital.
That's why my mom doesn't want me coming around here.
No way Jose!
I got a spanking last time I was caught around here!
If I'm caught again, it won't end with a spanking....
So scary.
Humph!!
The voice seems to be coming from the bushes near the entrance of the hospital.
Let's check around.
Hmmm... Let's look around the hospital.
Hey... ummm...
You know...
Could you give that old lady a visit?
Oh, me? I'll look be looking around here.
As you know, my feet hurt...
Yes?
Go.
Don't go.
Okay, off you go.
I think she lives on the west side of town.
Go on.
Hey you in the bushes, I'll tell on you if you don't go home now!
Why!?
Staying here won't solve anything.
Did you meet the old lady?
It did open...
But the way to the 2nd floor was blocked.
I thought the door opening was a break through, but turns out it wasn't.
Anyway, the first floor door is open, so let's go inside.
Everything would be meaningless if the second floor door is not opened.
Could you check the 2nd floor door again in case I missed something?
The hospital is infested with monsters, like the old lady said.
How could she have gone back and forth to the 2nd floor with her feet like that....
I want to be left alone.
Please leave.
There's a talisman similar to the ones outside the hospital.
Let's look around for something else.
After sticking on the talisman over the other one, the dark feeling lifted away, just like Las said.
Yes, yes!
The annoying talismans are gone!
*Giggle*
Human's are so dumb. You show them a pretty little helpless look and they fall for it.
For your work, I shall take you to my room...
Darn...
No no no!
You still have those annoying talismans!!!
This is your lucky day!
Cannot feel anything evil about the talisman.
Only the bitter taste of being fooled around Las remains...
No power can be felt.
Pushed hard on the door, but it won't open.
It doesn't feel like it's locked or stuck, but encased by a layer of something.
Put the key inside the lock of the hospital door...
But it's not locked as expected.
Then why is the door not opening?
The hospital door seems to be closed.
Seems very cautious about you.
Oh~Are you an adventurer?
It seems like we have a lot of them in town lately.
I was born here and never went far away from here, so I always feel like going on my adventures when I hear the stories they bring.
Ask about the hospital.
End conversation.
The hospital?
It's been closed for a very long time.
They don't talk about it around here.
I never had to go to the hospital.
I've been there once when I had a stomach ache as a child. I remember the place being creepy.
Children never like hospitals.
Ask about the nurse.
The new nurse?
I don't know.
I haven't given it a thought.
It is strange to have a new nurse coming to a closed hospital.
Have a nice day~
Hmmm! Haven't seen you around?
What brings you to our town?
*Laughs*
An adventurer, are you?
When you have time, come and take a look around my pineapple farm.
Just a little bit~
far from the village, but I'll give you all the pineapple you want in exchange for a good story of yours!
You mean that hospital?
It was closed down because of an accident.
But I wouldn't trouble an outsider with the details......
There's not much I can tell you.
Oh!!!
Did you meet the nurse?!
She was standing in front of the hospital.
She must have gone to contact HQ.
We requested 'the nurse', and she's already here! We're saved!
The nurse?
She was invited here to save our hospital.
Now I have to spread the good news! Could you bring her to the inn at the center of town?
That's where the doctor is staying.
He's been there ever since the hospital was closed.
Whoopeee!
So~ You're the new nurse?
Nothing's more important for a nurse than their white uniform.
Go get changed!
Oh! I'm sorry.
We're waiting for a new nurse.
My bad.
Explain the situation.
Aha~
So that's what happened.
Oh, dear. I guess there was a misunderstanding.
You see, I've been treating patients at the inn after what happened to the hospital.
Even so, I must apologize for making her stand there so long.
I can't leave right now because I have patients to look after. Why don't you go over and hand over this key?
And give her a message with the key saying, 'I'll leave it to your own discretion'.
I'll be there as soon as I'm done here.
Good luck~
*Sigh*
The work... It never ends...
How am I supposed to handle all these patients on my own?
What? What's a doctor doing in an inn?
Well, why not?
It's just a bush.
A sweet scent of wood rises when shaken.
Don't come any closer!
How'd you know I was here?
I'm not old.
About its mom.
About ???.
Ask about the old lady.
Ask about the hospital grounds.
It's the lady who lives next door to us.
I saw her a few days ago doing something around the hospital.
I couldn't see what she was doing from here, but I found some sticks there after she'd left.
I dunno.
Nothing's different except for the sticks.
The old lady comes back once in a while to check on the sticks.
My heart races when that happens!
Promise me you won't tell anyone that you saw me!!!
Promise?!
There's a trace of a young child.
Think the child's gone home now.
A strange stick is planted on the ground.
A mysterious force can be felt.
Pull it out.
Leave it.
Pulled out the deeply planted stick.
The hospital seems to have become more gloomy.
Better show Las the talisman.
After pulling out the deeply planted stick, an uneasy feeling washes over.
It looks ominous. Better leave it alone.
There's a strange looking stick.
Ho ho ho ho~~
Ma'am, excuse me, but can I ask you a question?
Ma'am?
Ma'am!!!!!!!!!
Who? What?
Excuse me, but can I ask you something?
What? I can't hear you.
Speak up!
I! Have! Something! To! Ask! You!
Oh~Yes dear~
I'll tell you everything I know, dear~
Do you know anything about the hospital?
Hospital?
Hospital?!?!?!?
That hospital is cursed!
Something wicked is living there!
The thing took away my poor little girl.
Ask about her daughter.
Everybody was happy to hear about the hospital being built.
We no longer had to go to other towns for medical care.
But the one they built didn't work out so well.
It couldn't cure people.
I knew this would happen when they chopped down the old tree to build it.
But the administrator wouldn't listen.
Far from curing people, they started to die.
So did my daughter...
She suffered from nothing life threatening.
It was...
Just a cold......
The wicked thing.... My daughter...
There's something in that hospital.
Show her the stick.
Arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Arghhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!
What have you done!
That... That was a talisman to stop the wicked thing!
If you pull them up, it will go after people again!
I saw it!
I saw it when they closed the hospital saying that everybody had died.
But they all knew.
The patients weren't all dead.
Taken alive...
By the thing that took my daughter...
Oh dear.
Nurse Las may be in danger, standing alone in front of the hospital.
If I don't return quickly...
Yes? The talisman?
I asked the shaman up north of the village to make them,
Not famous, but a talented shaman.
Urgh Urgh Urghhhhhh
Doesn't give even a glance...
I feel, feel....
I feel something bad from you...
No no...
You need not say anything!
You'll be needing this.
It's okay.
No need for money.
It's the karma this village must face...
Bingo!
Error occurred.
Hi, I'm the Pintados Festival Manager. Please select an item.
Eastern Medicine Button ? Start & End
Detail Button ? Adjust Value
Start Timer
End Timer
This is the Eastern Medicine Control Button.
You can set the Start or End values for the festival.
Start Pintados Festival
End Pintados Festival
NPC_ON
NPC_OFF
Start the Pintados Festival.
End the Pintados Festival.
Add an NPC.
Remove an NPC.
Adjust the global value. Please select the value to adjust.
Completed global adjustment.
Adjust Time [0~344]
Global Increase by 1/30 min.
1 - 49 -> Day 1
50 - 98 -> Day 2
99 - 147 -> Day 3
148 - 196 -> Day 4
197 - 245 -> Day 5
246 - 294 -> Day 6
295 - 343 -> Day 7
Global 1 = 1 hr.
Adjust the accumulated value for the Lesser Agimat.
Values can be adjusted between 0 to 1000.
Adjust the accumulated value of the Silver Cross.
Adjust the accumulated value for the Dyestuff.
Values can be adjusted between 0 to 300.
This is the current value. Do you want to adjust it?
Many adventurers helped find festival items that I returned to the village.
He he... Now we can hold the '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000'.
He he... The fun '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000' is in full swing.
Today's the first day of the '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000'. The festival is held for 7 days, so have fun.
Oh! Did you know?
Village tattooists draw tattoos only during the '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000'.
Today's the third day of the '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000'.
The Tattooist is scary and doesn't draw tattoos for just anyone so the adventurer must be special.
Have you every seen ^FF8440Bakonawa^000000, the monster known to swallow the moon? They say he is really ferocious.
I'm so sad. Many adventurers helped to hold the '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000' and now only one day is left.
Oh gosh! It's already the last day of the '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000'. Can't believe there won't be more festivities.
Oh no. What will we do with the festival coming to an end.
How many did you collect?
Brought back a lost belonging.
There is a traditional festival held since ancient times
in Baryo Mahiwaga called the '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000'.
I don't think I'll make it to the festival this time.
I was going back to the village delivering 1000 Lesser Agimats, 1000 Silver Crosses, and 300 Dyestuffs as an errand from Port Malaya.
But '^FF8440Bongisungisu^000000' appeared out of nowhere and took the items away from me.
Are you hurt?
Fortunately not.
But I'm in deep trouble. The '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000' can't be held without those items. What should I do.
Many adventurers are helping out but only collected...
Sigh... We are still short of materials to start the '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000'.
Oh~ Really? Wow!
He he. What did you bring?
Wait. One... two...
One?!
Enter quantity.
He he... You've brought back one.
He he... I'm slow with numbers. I get lost when it's over 50. How many will you give me?
Sigh~ I'm lost! I can't count if the numbers are weird.
Enter Quantity
All
Sigh~ I told you I'm not good with numbers.
Why do you want a Tattoo?
What is a Tattoo?
I'm curious about the effect of Tattoos.
I need a Tattoo.
A Tattoo of a powerful monster is said to increase the ability of the holder.
Awesome. How can I get one?
Drawing a Tattoo is a very holy task.
10 Ancient Grudges to protect me while I draw Tattoos.
1 Doll that looks like a powerful monster.
And last but not least, 1 Spirit Piece to imbue the energy of a powerful monster into the Tattoo.
What kind of Tattoo will you draw?
I can draw 3 kinds of Tattoos.
Bangungot Agimat Tattoo for a powerful monster that comes from an old gigantic tree in Port Malaya.
Bakonawa Agimat Tattoo for a huge monster that can swallow the moon.
Buwaya Agimat Tattoo for a giant alligator that kidnaps people.
Where can I get the Spirit Pieces and Doll?
You can get these powerful items from Buwaya, Bangungot, and Bakonawa themselves but it won't be an easy task.
This holy task isn't done every day. Tattoos are drawn only during the '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000'.
Which Tattoo's effect are you curious about?
Bangungot Agimat Tattoo
Buwaya Agimat Tattoo
Bakonawa Agimat Tattoo
I have no questions.
Need 10 Ancient Grudges, 1 Piece of Bangungot's Spirit, and 1 Bangungot Doll to create
The Bangungot Agimat Tattoo holds the energy of an old gigantic tree in Port Malaya.
Increases the effect of healing others by 4% and healing from others by 7%.
Need 10 Ancient Grudges, 1 Piece of Buwaya's Spirit, and 1 Buwaya Doll to create
The Buwaya Agimat Tattoo contains the energy from a giant alligator.
Increases MATK by +7% and decreases Fixed Casting by 7%.
Need 10 Ancient Grudges, 1 Piece of Bakonawa's Spirit, and 1 Bakonawa Doll to create
The Bakonawa Agimat Tattoo holds the energy from a gigantic monster that can swallow the moon.
Increases ATK by +7% and ASPD by 10%.
Looks like you've got all the answers. Hope you enjoy your journey.
Do you have any questions about other Tattoo effects?
The holy task of drawing Tattoos is only done during the '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000'. Sorry but looks like the festival is not on.
You've come right on time during the '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000'.
There is no time like during the holy '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000' to draw Tattoos.
The festival doesn't last long so I should start drawing. What Tattoo do you need?
I will think it over.
Hope you enjoy the '^7A96E0Pintados Festival^000000'.
I think you are short on materials.
The materials are full with holy energy. I'm sure we'll get a great Tattoo using these.
Please don't interrupt while I'm working on drawing a holy Tattoo if you want it to come out right.
The Tattooist placed the Ancient Grudges around the workplace.
The Ancient Grudge lit up and tools starts to glow. He smiled satisfyingly at the glowing tools and materials.
Aren't you going to start?
Oh no, now you ruined it.
I cannot draw a Tattoo for someone like you who doesn't understand art. You can take back the remaining materials.
Think he will melt the doll with his eyes?
He closed and opened his eyes slowly as if to memorize the doll in his head and then held up a glowing tool to start drawing.
But he kept on looking at each corner of the drawing as if he didn't like some of its details.
Looks good to me.
Ergh! I told you not to interrupt!
The Tattooist ripped up the drawing irritably.
I can't continue like this. Maybe another time. You can take back the remaining materials.
He looked at the drawing intensely for a long time and then nodded with a satisfied smile.
But now he is staring at the sky without doing anything else. What is he waiting for?
When will it be done?
Why did you break the pieces...
The glowing light from his hands faded away. He starred at his hands for a while and then ripped up the drawing irritably.
I was this close to completing a wonderful piece but you ruined it. Not in a good mood. You can take the remaining materials.
Received back 5 Ancient Grudges and the doll.
He held up the powder in both hands and then blew it onto the drawing.
Blinking light on top of the drawing.
The Tattooist is finally satisfied and is all smiles.
Ha ha. It came out great.
I'm sorry you had to wait for a long time. But it was worth it cause I haven't created a Tattoo of this quality in a long time.
I came from afar and dropped everything to come and enjoy the 'Pintados Festival'.
I don't regret visiting but...
I don't like the Tattoo I got after all I've gone through to get it.
I've looked at it in the light but I think the Tattooist made a mistake.
This ruined my whole visit.
Tsk!
I heard of the 'Pintados Festival' and came all the way from Kunlun.
Just in case you might think otherwise, this is a mask on my face and not a tattoo.
Hey, hear me. This isn't the Tattoo I wanted.
I asked for a Bakonawa Tattoo but the more I look at it, this is Bangungot.
No... you said that you wanted that one. Don't be so difficult.
Don't you know that customer is king? Huh? Do you want a bad reputation?
Ugh... Can't believe this.
Ah... I can't work with customers like this.
How many times do I have to tell you, you said you wanted a Bangungot.
Ouch, my throat... Shouting will get me nowhere.
They say the Pintados Festival will only be held for one week.
I came from Luoyang without knowing about the festival. Must be my lucky day.
ba-dum-DUM- ba-dum-DUM
The Pintados Festival wouldn't be a festival without a drummer.
Why don't you join?
The Pintados from Pintados Festival means painted in our language.
So that is probably why we have people drawing special Tattoos during the festival.
I don't remember it accurately, but they say the Pintados Festival was to celebrate a rich harvest.
ba-dum-TSH- ba-dum-TSH-
I always get energetic when I hear drums and sticks in a rhythmic beat.
ba-dum-TSH- ba-dum-TSH- So much fun!
I may be using sticks to catch the beat right now but you never know if I'll grow big enough to play the drums, right?
